Ten
Uhuru Kenyatta
Fufu
Otumfuo Osei Tutu I
Cocoa
Farming
Cote D'Ivoire
Dr. Owusu Afriyie Akoto
The practice of growing a series of different types of crops in the same area in sequenced seasons
An agricultural crop grown for sale to return profit.
A kind of farming in which the land is ploughed and used to grow crops.
Twi
28.8 million
Accra
Obuasi
West Africa
Cape Three points
957
Ashanti Region
7.7 billion
Qatar
Carbohydrates
Protein
fats and oil.
Vitamin K
Vitamin C
Akan
Ga
Accra
Three
northern part
Two
Ghana.
54
Trotro
doctors and nurses
football players
Terminal 
Nigeria
VIP buses
Akosombo dam
Britain
1964
Nairobi
Africa
Yes
Tanzania to the south and south-west, Uganda to the west, South Sudan to the north-west, Ethipia to the north and Somalia to the north-east
Approximately 48 million
Mombasa
Kisumu city
Yes
Mzee Jomo Kenyatta
Daniel Arap Moi
Mwai Kibaki
Uhuru Kenyatta
4
The President of Kenya
Agriculture
Tourism
24%
14%
15
Geothermal power
$74.94 billion (2017)
9%
tea, coffee, flowers
73%
Kikuyu
English, Kiswahili
6Christianity
Islam
4.49 children per woman
8-4-4
8 years
4 years
Ngugi wa Thiong'o
Sauti Sol band
middle-distance athletics, long-distance athletics
Kenya is named after mt. Kenya
Ugali
Rift Valley Academy
Asynchronous JavaScript and XML.
JavaScript Object Notation.
Hypertext Markup Language.
PHP Hypertext Preprocessor.
Cascading Style Sheets.
Standard Query Language
Content Management System
Wordpress, WIX
Active Server Pages
extensible markup language.
9Extensible Stylesheet Language
9Extensible Stylesheet Language Transformations
9HyperText Transfer Protocol
Java is a programming language. Java is used to develop mobile apps, web apps, desktop apps, games and much more.
eXtensible Markup Language
Active Server Pages. ASP is a development framework for building web pages.
Python is a popular programming language. It was created in 1991 by Guido van Rossum. It is used for: web development (server-side), software development, mathematics and system scripting.
AngularJS is a JavaScript framework. It is a library written in JavaScript. AngularJS extends HTML with ng-directives.
Bootstrap is the most popular HTML, CSS, and JavaScript framework for developing responsive, mobile-first websites.
JSON stands for JavaScript Object Notation. JSON is a syntax for storing and exchanging data.
Node.js is an open source server environment. Node.js allows you to run JavaScript on the server.
AJAX can be used to read data from a web server - after the page has loaded, update a web page without reloading the page and send data to a web server - in the background.
HTML stands for Hypertext markup language. HTML describes the structure of Web pages using markup. HTML elements are the building blocks of HTML pages. 
JavaScript is the programming language of HTML and the Web. JavaScript can make changes to HTML attributes and modify CSS.
for Cascading Style Sheets.
jQuery is a lightweight, "write less, do more", JavaScript library
SQL is a standard language for storing, manipulating and retrieving data in relational databases.
PHP is a server scripting language, and a powerful tool for making dynamic and interactive Web pages.
RSS stands for "Really Simple Syndication". 
ReactJS basically is an open-source JavaScript library which is used for building user interfaces specifically for single page applications.
React Native is a JavaScript framework for writing real, natively rendering mobile applications for iOS and Android.
Vue is a progressive framework for building user interfaces.
All HTML elements can have attributes. Attributes provide additional information about an element.
Responsive Web design is the approach that suggests that design and development should respond to the user's behavior and environment based on screen size, platform and orientation. The practice consists of a mix of flexible grids and layouts, images and an intelligent use of CSS media queries.
HTML5 is the latest evolution of the standard that defines HTML.
The Document Object Model (DOM) is an application programming interface (API) for valid HTML and well-formed XML documents.
A relational database is a set of formally described tables from which data can be accessed or reassembled in many different ways without having to reorganize the database tables. 
A NoSQL (originally referring to "non SQL" or "non relational") database provides a mechanism for storage and retrieval of data that is modeled in means other than the tabular relations used in relational databases. 
WordPress is an online, open source website creation tool written in PHP.
SQL injection is a code injection technique, used to attack data-driven applications, in which nefarious SQL statements are inserted into an entry field for execution (e.g. to dump the database contents to the attacker).
The Fastest Goal in Soccer history was scored just over 2 seconds after kick-off.
Soccer is played in a stadium.
At the start of a game, there are a total of 22 footballers on the pitch (11 a-side).
To become a Football Association (FA) referee you need to be at least 14-years-old.
In FIFA Football, a penalty kick is a unique version of the direct free kick.
The original 2014 World Cup's ball was produced in Pakistan.
The most goals scored in a World Cup's match was 10 by Hungary against El Salvador in 1982.
The British coined the term "Soccer" in the late 1800s, not America.
Australia's National Soccer team is called "The Socceroos."
A 20-month-old baby was the youngest professional soccer player ever, after being signed up by a Belgian club.
The first soccer game was televised in 1937.
The first soccer game televised was a friendly match between Arsenal's first and second team in 1937.
On average, soccer players run as far as 9.5 miles in a single match.
90 minutes, excluding additional time and extra time.
Yes it does.
Yes it does.
The Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) is an association governed by Swiss law.
FIFA was founded in 1904
FIFA is headquatered in Zuric, Switzerland
FIFA has 211 national associatons
The first World Cup took place in Montevideo, Uruguay in 1930.
Just 13 national teams participated.
The hosts Uruguay were the winners of the first wworld cup.
The UEFA Champions League is an annual club football competition organised by UEFA and contested by top-division European clubs.
The UEFA Champions League was founded in 1955.
The World Cup's top scorer is the retired German striker Miroslav Klose. He scored 24 goals over four tournaments.
The former French player Just Fontaine holds the record for top scorer in a single World Cup. In 1958 he sccored 13 goals.
Real Madrid was the first team to ever win the Champions League in 1955-56. 
Tony Britten wrote the UEFA Champions League anthem in 1992 when the competition got rebranded.
The fastest goal scored in the Champions League was by Bayern Munich’s Roy Makkay versus Real Madrid in 2007.
The biggest win in World Cup Qualifying was in 2001, between Australia and American Samoa. The Australians won by 31 to 0.
The team with the most trophies is Brazil. They have won the competition on five occasions.
Retired goalkeeper Dino Zoff is the oldest player to win the competition in 1982 when Italy won it. He was 40 years old.
Brazil is the only team to have participated in every edition of the World Cup.
Swansea’s Bafétimbi Gomis scored the fastest Champions League hattrick in 2011 under 8 minutes.
Brazil (in 1958 and 1962) and Italy (in 1934 and 1938) are the only countries to win the competitions back-to-back.
Uruguay in 1930, Italy in 1934, England in 1966, Germany in 1974, Argentina in 1978 and France in 1998.
The Brazillain, Jairzinho is the only footballer to score at least one goal in every game of one competition.
Rafael Marques, Lothar Matthaus and Antonio Carbajal all have 5 appearances. 
Former Cameroon striker, Roger Milla. He was 42-years old.
The best times to buy a new car are at the end of the month, the end of the quarter and the end of the year. Dealers and their salespeople are rewarded for meeting sales goals during those time periods, so the sale of a few more vehicles could result in their getting a huge bonus that is based on all the vehicles they sold before the end of that time period. In these situations, dealers and salespeople are so motivated to close a sale that they will let some new cars go with little-or-no profit in the deal.
No, there are no laws giving you a "three day right to cancel" or any kind of cooling-off period that would permit you to return a car that you bought. However, if the dealer puts that language in your contract (most dealers won't), then it might be possible. Just remember: if something you want is not in writing, you're probably not going to get it.
The dealer invoice price is NOT the real dealer cost on a new car or truck. Dealers get all kinds of cash incentives, rewards and bonuses after new vehicles are sold, which allows them to make huge profits when they sell at the invoice price.
In most cases, leasing is NOT cheaper than buying. If you typically keep new cars longer than three years, then buying is going to be cheaper in the long run.
A good lease deal is no money down, lease term 36 months or less, and a $200 monthly payment - or as close to this as you can get. 
Our inventory is primarily 1-Owner Carfax Certified cars and truck. Most of our vehicles are Factory Certification Eligible.
Yes, simply fill out our locater request and we will locate a vehicle that meets your requirements.
Yes we welcome any independent inspection to be performed on all of our vehicles.
We have access to all original equipment part as well as all aftermarket and high performance. Feel free to contact us if you have any specific questions or requests.
We recommend you have your brakes inspected approximately every 2nd oil change. This is the best way to ensure top safety and performance, and avoid long-term damage.
If you feel that something’s not right with your vehicle, the best thing you can do is write down the symptoms, come in and see us, and give us the best explanation that you can.
When driving in the winter, be sure to familiarize yourself with potential conditions, such as hydroplaning or snow, keep emergency numbers available at all times.
As an environmentally-friendly automotive shop, Victoria Transmission and Auto Care is proud to offer tips and tricks to our valued customers, to help you be a more ‘green’ driver.
Very! Following your vehicle's routine maintenance schedule is the most effective thing you can do to preserve your vehicle's resale value and prolong its working life.
One of the most obvious reasons to buy used is the cost involved – used cars are, on average, 50% cheaper than new cars. Finance options will also be much more convenient, with shorter terms and lower payments.
At the moment, we do not offer leasing options for used cars, but you can opt for our other great solutions, such as a Personal Contract Plan or Hire Purchase.
Oftentimes it is not possible to receive a detailed history of your car – this is not the case at Thame Cars. Each one of our used cars comes with thorough information, is under 25,000 miles, visually looked after and screened through a 100-point safety check before being sold, so you can be sure that our cars are as reliable as they come.
Used cars are priced according to their specifications, age and condition. At Thames, all our cars enjoy low prices and great quality – each one is carefully inspected and under 25,000 miles.
Used cars are taxed according to where you buy them from and when they were registered. Buying a car with a registration certificate (V5C) from a dealer ensures that switching to a used car will be hassle-free and that you get all the help you need with the process.
It is estimated that the use of air conditioning in a typical car reduces fuel economy by one to two miles per gallon. For larger cars, or when traveling in extreme heat, air conditioning cuts fuel economy up to four miles per gallon.
Definitely. When tires are cold, add five pounds to the pressures recommended by your car's manufacturer. But don't overload the car because excessive loads and sharp impacts can cause tire cord breaks and create damaging heat buildup because of abnormal sidewall flexing.
A car engine shouldn't be left idling unnecessarily for more than a minute. It takes less fuel to start a car than it takes to let it idle while waiting, say, for a long freight train to pass.
An engine shouldn't idle for more than 15 to 30 seconds in any season, especially if it's fuel-injected.
The old models were more colorful and simpler to fix. But they were fuel-guzzling, overweight polluters that didn't stay in tune as long as modern cars. Also, while most 1950s cars rarely exceeded 100,000 miles without lots of maintenance and gentle driving, even low-priced 1990s autos are routinely driven far more than 100,000 miles with minimal maintenance. They're also safer, with items such as air bags, advanced safety belt systems, anti-lock brakes and "crush" zones that let the car--not its occupants--absorb the impact in collisions. Being lighter and more efficient, they're faster with a V-6 than most of the old V-8s.
Buy gasoline at busy stations to ensure you don't get a "bad load" that has been sitting too long in a tank. Also, don't buy gas at a station at the same time you see a delivery truck filling an underground tank--and stirring up impurities in the fuel in that tank.
While window shopping is a good way to get started on your car buying journey, the only way to get the best feel for a vehicle is to get behind the wheel for a test drive.
Regular maintenance helps to keep any vehicle running at optimum levels.
Oil changes should be done every three months or every 3,000 to 5,000 miles, whichever comes first.
Oil changes are necessary to keep your vehicle running in good condition, as oil provides lubrication for your engine and helps maintain cleanliness.
Your vehicle should be able to travel in a straight line without corrective action from you when the steering wheel is in the proper position. If it can't, your automobile may be out of alignment.
This is a vehicle history report based on the VIN number of the vehicle. A CarFax report typically provides information like how many owners the car has had and if it has been in an accident.
This is the amount that the dealership will credit you towards a new purchase based on the value of the vehicle that you have traded in.
If you don't mind listing the vehicle, marketing it, scheduling potential buyers, worrying about damage done during a test drive and other "costs," then you might choose to sell it yourself.
You will always find an extensive inventory of new Dodge cars and RAM trucks at competitive prices at our Dodge dealership, no matter the time of year. 
If you want your car to run for years, be sure to get it regular maintenance. When you schedule regular maintenance at our Ford service center, you will feel confident in the health of your vehicle.
We buy from sellers like Mercedes-Benz Credit, BMW Financial, and etc....If you've ever leased or purchased a new car from a Mercedes-Benz Dealer, then you probably were financed through either your own credit union or Mercedes-Benz Credit Corp.
Leasing a new Toyota sedan or a new luxury SUV has several advantages. If you like the idea of driving a new car every few years, don't drive a lot of miles per year (12,000 or less), don't relish the idea of trading in or selling a vehicle after your purchase it, then leasing at our car dealership in Indianapolis, IN makes a lot of sense.
Not at all. We're living in a pre-owned vehicle "golden age", where the quality and reliability possessed by pre-owned cars, and especially certified pre-owned cars, is at an all-time high. For example, every certified used car for sale is exhaustively inspected, refurbished into "like new" condition, and comes with an exceptional warranty, maintenance discounts, and much more.
Anyone who is not currently affiliated with a car dealership, or has not worked for any car dealership in the past 5 years can write a review provided he/she has had firsthand experience with the dealership. 
Your check engine light could be on for a multitude of reasons from the gas cap not being sealed properly to sensors or an even bigger issue.
Chicken.
Campbell's.
The peanut.
South America.
Iceberg lettuce.
The plum tree.
Milk Chocolate.
Corn starch.
Mushrooms.
Sugar.
Olestra.
Lactose.
Pork.
Baking soda.
Bread.
An Apple.
Freeze-drying.
Tuna salad with mayo.
The coconut.
Peas.
Six.
Shrimp.
Sturgeon.
An Ostrich egg.
The peanut.
Monosodium glutamate.
Honey.
Fiber.
The Almond.
Spain
Venison
Omnivore
Avocado
Ingredients
India
Honey
Fishing
100
USA
Carbohydrates
False
Corn
Marmalade
True
Milk
Warm
True
Pumpkins
Cake
Herring
Bell
Middle
100C
Fleming
Dali
Shakespeare
Anonymous
alarm clock
Madrid
Prince Charles
Granada Spain
50
Manzanares
Cologne
Grace Kelly
1939
1914
Oxygen
Ear
Elephant
100
black and white
Polish
Esperanto
Sherlock Holmes
he did
Figueras
Da Vinci
42
Cancer
Bookshop
10, Downing Street
Doesnt exist
1945
In the beginning
4
Budha
Big Ben
Genoa
1865
Miners
Michelangelo
Cela
S. Holmes
Einstein
Mercury
Italy
Nairobi
Pacific
Tegucigarpa
United States of America
fifty
Washington DC
United states
An American
Siberia
324,406,583
238 years
Donald Trump
Christopher Columbus
59.7 percent
December 6th, 1865
yes
1118 gold medals
yes
ten
1
1777
six
Morocco
1870
1845
John Adams
Battle of Saratoga
1987
Tariff
Tobacco
Spanish
1795
Articles of Confederation
Eight
in 1914
the treaty of Paris of 1783
Franklin Roosevelt
Abraham Lincoln
Ohio
1992
Wolash, Indiana
1787
John Smith
George Washington
St. Augustine
Thomas Mckean
Ronald Reagan
Martin Van Buren
Ripon
Explosion in west Virginia
Skylab
Mary Mallon
Galveston, Texas
Serverless computing, also known as function as a service (FaaS), is a cloud computing code execution model in which the cloud provider fully manages starting and stopping of a function's container platform as a service (PaaS) as necessary to serve requests, and requests are billed by an abstract measure of the resources required to satisfy the request, rather than per virtual machine, per hour.
The AWS Serverless Application Repository offers a growing collection of serverless applications published by AWS and other AWS partners and developers. The Serverless Application Repository makes it easy to deploy applications for common use cases like web and mobile back-ends, stream processing, machine learning, and more, so you can quickly get started with the AWS Serverless platform.
AWS Lambda is an Amazon serverless computing system that runs code and automatically manages your underlying compute resources. It lets you automatically run code in response to many types of events, such as HTTP requests from Amazon API gateway, table updates in Amazon DynamoDB, and state transitions. It also enables you to extend to other AWS services with custom logic, and even create your own back-end services.
The SAM Command Line Interface (CLI) lets you locally build, test, and debug serverless applications defined by AWS SAM templates. SAM CLI provides a Lambda-like execution environment locally and helps you catch issues upfront.
You can use AWS SAM to build serverless applications that useany runtime supported by AWS Lambda. You can also use SAM CLI to locally debug Lambda functions written in Node.js, Java, Python, and Go.
There is no additional charge to use AWS SAM. You pay for the AWS resources created using SAM in the same manner as if you created them manually. You only pay for what you use, as you use it. There are no minimum fees and no required upfront commitments.
You can install AWS SAM CLI on Linux, Mac, or Windows using pip. To get started,visit our installation documentation.
 AWS SAM and the SAM CLI are open-sourced under the Apache 2.0 license. You can contribute new features and enhancements toAWS SAM on GitHubor theAWS SAM CLI on GitHub.
Serverless applications are deployed as AWS CloudFormation stacks, which make it easy for you to manage an application as a single unit. Each resource is tagged with the applications uniquely identifiable Amazon Resource Name (ARN), which helps you locate the resources using the AWS Tag Editor console. You can also use existing AWS and third-party tools to manage each resource separately.
If you would like to charge a fee for the use of a serverless application, you can integrate AWS Lambda behind Amazon API Gateway, and then sell the API as a SaaS product through the AWS Marketplace. To learn more, review the steps to list on AWS Marketplace and how to monetize your API using API Gateway.
 Building serverless applications means that your developers can focus on their core product instead of worrying about managing and operating servers or runtimes, either in the cloud or on-premises. This reduced overhead lets developers reclaim time and energy that can be spent on developing great products which scale and that are reliable.
 Support is available in markets where Microsoft Azure is offered. Some specific services may not be covered in all regions immediately after General Availability (GA).
Break-fix issues are technical problems you experience while using Azure services. "Break-fix" is an industry term that refers to work involved in supporting a technology when it fails in the normal course of its function, which requires intervention by a support organization to be restored to working order."
 The Azure free account includes $200 credit to spend for the first 30 days of sign up, free access to our most popular Azure products for 12 months, and access to more than 25 products that are always free.
 Well notify you so you can decide if you want to upgrade to a pay-as-you-go subscription. If you do, youll have access to all the free products. If you dont, your account and products will be disabled, and you'll need to upgrade to resume usage.
 Your remaining credit is shown at the top of the management portal, so you always know where you're at.
 No, your credit cant be applied to Azure Marketplace offers. However, many Azure Marketplace partners offer free trials and/or free tier plans for their solutions.
 Give us a call at 1-800-867-1389 and well be happy to answer any questions you have.
 No. The Azure Hybrid Benefit cannot be combined with the products offered for free.
 At the end of your first 30 days, you can continue using your free products after you upgrade your account to a pay-as-you-go Azure subscription and remove the spending limit. If you stay within the service quantities included for free, you wont have to pay anything.
 See the Cloud Storage Getting Support page for information about support options.
 Read the Pricing page for detailed information on pricing, including how Cloud Storage calculates bandwidth and storage usage.
 Yes!
 Yes, you can use Cloud Storage with either.
 To get started with Cloud IAM, read IAMQuickstart.
No. Alibaba Cloud support plan covers all services and users under the same accountso as toprovide a seamless service. However, it could not be used for one service only or for different accounts.
For paid support plans, you could not cancel them in the middle of the subscription you signed up. However, you may cancel the subscription for the subsequent months by turning off the auto-renew button.
 For Basic, Developer and Business plan users, you could open a ticket from Support Center. If you have Enterprise support plan, you may reach us through phone, web chat, and technical account manager.
 Alibaba Cloud support service is a key factor for users to have a seamless and smooth experience with Alibaba Cloud services. All Alibaba Cloud users are recommended to choose a support plan based on their needs and budget.We now offer support in English.
Yes.Physical resources reside in secure facilities, with independent auditing practices followed by the cloud vendors. Data are encrypted and host companies do not have access to those encryption keys. You (the account holder) manage access through user identities and access policies.
Yes, absolutely.Both the National Science Foundation (NSF) and the National Institutes of Health (NIH) fund cloud computing, but these fund sources do not qualify for any discounts or additional credits. We can help you explore these options.
The Rackspace Cloud Servers solution is a fully unrestricted, root/Administrator level access, Linux or Windows environment. Any application or service that you can run from a traditional, physical, dedicated-unmanaged operations server can be run from your Cloud Server.
You can reboot your server. You can restore from a backup. You can delete your server and start over. You can boot into an emergency rescue mode and attempt fix the problem. There are many options for recovering from mistakes, but the easiest is to keep regular backups and to make a fresh backup before attempting any major configuration changes or before installing new software.
The native storage allocation for a Cloud Server is based on the Cloud Server flavor that you select, but you can add extra storage at any time with our Cloud Block Storage service.
Yes, and we encourage it! Each Linux serveris capable of runningthe Linux-standard firewall called iptables; some even have it pre-configured. Other firewall systems have been tested on Cloud Servers as well.
The documentation for the API for Cloud Servers and our other products is located on the Rackspace Developer Docs site.
Yes. Users can provision security groups by using the neutron client.
No default security group is applied. You just create a Security Group and apply it to the ports on an instance.
No. Security Groups are currently supported only for virtual cloud servers.
 No, to change the flavor youhave torestart the server.
 No, the additional volumes must be externalCephvolumes.
 No, this feature is still in development on OpenStack, it will be available in the next versions.
 Yes, you can take a free trial of Umbraco Cloud and test it for 14 days with no obligation to buy.
 No.
 No. All services currently run in the Azure West Europe region.
Yes it is!Websocketsare enabled on all sites, old and new.
 Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the leading industry provider of cloud computing services. FileMaker Cloud is offered through AWS Marketplace, an online store that sells cloud-based software andservices, andruns on the AWS Cloud.
Orbiterais an authorized FileMaker reseller for FileMaker Cloud on AWS Marketplace.Orbiterahelps companies sell and distribute cloud?ready solutions and services.
 FileMaker Cloud is currently available in the United States, Canada, Europe, Japan, and Australia.
A user is a unique person who will need any type of access to the FileMaker Platform. A user can create or use apps to view, enter, or modify data with iPad, iPhone, Windows, Mac, or the web using the FileMaker Platform.
Yes! It works great with an Apple TV (I use it on my 4th gen). This is excellent for watching movies, esp. and for playing your music library and/or music on your computer if iTunes sharing is turned on. Plays Pandora if you have that app as well- all of your audio-out needs. It doesn't stay active with the Apple TV if you use it for other things, but it is really easy to access your audio settings and re-select it with needed, similar to an iPhone or iPad. It, unfortunately, doesn't work as a general TV speaker- only ATV. I don't think you can control anything besides volume by voice through the HomePod-conneccted ATV. But the Siri remote is just as easy, really.
Yes you are able to independently play Apple Music (of the same subscription) on both your iPhone and HomePod concurrently.
Hi. Yes, I've just done exactly that. Australia use compatible plugs and voltage. Only had it a couple of days, but the HomePod seems to be working fine for me here in NZ.
not only are you unable to open spotify, you are unable to open other "third party" apps such as my local KRCC public radio app and or distribute the stream from that app, through my apple based home stereo system using apple express devices
I have just set this up - via Apple TV 4th generation - works great as I purchased 2 home pods from the US and brought them up to Canada earlier. Simply pair the home pods and on Apple TV select the paired home pods in the Video out. 
I purchased one in America and use it in Japan, since I am an expat. Works fine. Doesn’t have all the features as it would in America and has trouble with artist names and song names that are Japanese. But if you speak English well you should have no problem.
At launch, the only music app that will have full functionality (Hey Siri, play my pop playlist. Hey Siri, add this song to my favorites.) will be Apple Music. Any other music service can be played through airplay to HomePod, but you can only skip, search and edit playlists on the device, not through HomePod.
HomePod natively only supports Apple Music as noted on the HomePod website.
No, you cannot pair AirPods with the HomePod as bluetooth connectivity is not supported with the HomePod. 
You cannot set HomePod as your default speaker for your Mac as it is not an audio device, but an AirPlay device. AirPlay is automatically turned off when you shut your Mac down.
Yes, no problem
not as of yet
Yes. The iPhone 5SE is supported.
You can currently use the HomePod for phone calls that you initiate on your iPhone and then use HomePod as a speakerphone. You can’t initiate the call on the HomePod.
hue yes
HomeKit Enabled Devices.
I don't think so. 
iBooks, audiobooks, homepod
Power cord must be plugged into an outlet. There is no rechargeable battery.
You will have to subscribe to Apple Music for unlimited music streaming on HomePod.
Not directly at the moment.
Yes, you can create a stereo in one room by pairing them.
Yes
Yes, you can use your iPhone 6 to pair with your HomePod
No
No
Yes, using peer-to-peer airplay
No, it will not work
Yes
Yes, the new Airplay 2 will deliver seamless sound quality
Whichever is fastest
No
The Apple HomePod combines a powerful, intelligent speaker system with the Siri personal assistant and HomeKit compatibility.
HomePod is a wireless “smart” speaker. Once you’ve set it up using your iPhone or iPad, you can control HomePod using your voice.
You can interact with the touchpad to do things when you don’t want to use your voice. Tap and hold to directly invoke Siri. Tap on the Plus or Minus button to change the volume. Double tap to go the next song and triple tap to go to the previous track.
Siri right now can’t detect multiple voices.
No
No
Right now, you can’t use more than one HomePod together.
There is an LED on the top of the HomePod that lights up when Siri is recording
Alexa allows you to ask questions and make requests using just your voice. For instance, you can ask Alexa a question, such as "What is the weather today in New York?", or tell Alexa to do something, like "Add batteries to my shopping list," or "Play jazz." When you speak to Alexa, a recording of what you asked Alexa is sent to Amazon's cloud so we can process and respond to your request. You access Alexa differently based on the type of device you are using. For "hands free" devices, like the Amazon Echo, you access Alexa by saying the wake word (Alexa, Echo, Amazon, or Computer). For other devices, like certain Fire tablets, you access Alexa by pressing a button.
When you speak to Alexa, a recording of what you asked Alexa is sent to Amazons cloud where we process your request and other information to respond to you. For example, when you ask Alexa, play top hits on Amazon Music we use the recording of your request and information from Amazon Music to play top hits.
No. Echo devices are designed to detect only your chosen wake word (Alexa, Amazon, Computer or Echo). The device detects the wake word by identifying acoustic patterns that match the wake word. No audio is stored or sent to the cloud unless the device detects the wake word (or Alexa is activated by pressing a button).
Yes. You can review voice recordings associated with your account and delete those voice recordings one by one or all at once by visiting Privacy in Settings in the Alexa app or https://www.amazon.com/alexaprivacy . You can also review those voice recordings by visiting History in Settings in the Alexa app and delete those voice recordings all at once for each of your Alexa-enabled products by visiting Manage Your Content and Devices. Deleting voice recordings may degrade your Alexa experience. If you delete voice recordings, we will also remove Home Screen Cards in the Alexa app related to those voice recordings. However, removing a Home Screen Card from your Alexa app does not delete voice recordings. If you have changed your default marketplace while using an Alexa-enabled product, you will need to perform this step for each marketplace to delete all voice recordings associated with your account. Note that deleting your voice recordings does not remove your Alexa messages. For more information on removing messages, refer to the FAQ "How do I remove messages?"
Alexa uses your voice recordings and other information, including from third-party services, to answer your questions, fulfil your requests, and improve your experience and our services. We associate your requests with your Amazon account to allow you to review your voice recordings, access other Amazon services (e.g., so you can ask Alexa to read your Kindle books and play audiobooks from Audible), and to provide you with a more personalized experience. For example, keeping track of the songs you have listened to helps Alexa choose what songs to play when you say, Alexa, play music. At times, Alexa may make recommendations to you based on your requests. For example, Alexa may recommend Alexa skills you might like based on the Alexa skills you use.
Alexa is designed to get smarter every day. The more you use Alexa, the more the service adapts to your speech patterns, vocabulary, and personal preferences. For example, we use your requests to Alexa to train our speech recognition and natural language understanding systems. The more data we use to train these systems, the better Alexa works, and training Alexa with voice recordings from a diverse range of customers helps ensure Alexa works well for everyone. You can also help us improve our voice services by providing feedback within History in the Alexa app.
Skills are voice-driven Alexa capabilities. You can view and enable skills in your Alexa app and enable certain skills by voice. You can use a skill by saying a specific phrase, called the invocation name. When you use a skill, we may exchange related information with the developer of that skill, such as your answers when you play a trivia skill, your ZIP code when you ask for the weather, or the content of your requests. If you make a request to Alexa without using a skill invocation name, we may send the content of your request to several skills, and enable and launch the skill we think is best able to respond to your request. The Skills portion of your Alexa app contains more information about skills, such as applicable policies or terms of use provided by skill developers.
Prime members can ask Alexa to order or reorder eligible products available for sale through the Amazon website. You can also subscribe to eligible services using Alexa, purchase songs or albums from our Digital Music Store, or purchase products and services through Alexa skills using your default payment and shipping settings. You can require a speakable confirmation code, turn purchasing off, and see product and order details in your Alexa app or at https://alexa.amazon.comfor those orders. Just like orders placed through the Amazon website, orders placed through Alexa are subject to Amazon's Conditions of Use and Privacy Notice in the case of a subscription for a service, the terms for the applicable service. Voice purchasing from Amazon is turned off for FreeTime on Alexa. Some Alexa skills allow you to purchase non-digital products or services from the developer of the skill (for instance, order food through a restaurant's skill) via Amazon Pay using your default payment and shipping settings. You can view your Amazon Pay order history and find additional information for those purchases on the Amazon Pay website. Some other Alexa skills allow you to purchase products and services from the developer of the skill using a payment method you provide directly to the developer. Your voice purchasing settings may not apply to those purchases.
Yes, Alexa has voice purchasing settings. Open Settings > Voice Purchasing in your Alexa app to turn off voice purchasing from Amazon. You can also require an optional confirmation code that Alexa will ask you to say out loud when you want to place an order from Amazon.
For information on return policies applicable to non-digital products purchased on Amazon using Alexa, see About Our Returns Policies. Amazon's return policies do not apply to purchases of non-digital products or services made through third-party Alexa skills (for instance, a food order placed through a restaurant's skill). Instead, the returns policy of the applicable skill developer applies. However, the Amazon Pay A-to-z Guarantee covers qualified purchases of physical products made through third-party Alexa skills using Amazon Pay. Purchases of digital content are final. However, if you accidentally purchase digital content or a subscription to a non-Amazon service through Alexa, that purchase is eligible for return and refund if we receive your request within 7 days of the date of purchase. To request a refund, please contact customer service. You may cancel the auto-renewal of a subscription to a non-Amazon service by visiting the detail page for the applicable Alexa skill in your Alexa app and adjusting your subscription settings; you will not receive a refund of any fees already paid. For subscriptions to Amazon services, see the terms of use for the applicable subscription for information on refund eligibility and cancellation terms.
Alexa also allows you to donate to eligible charities by voice. When you make a donation, Amazon Pay will process the donation using your default Amazon payment settings and will share your name, address, and email with the charity. Your voice purchasing settings apply to donations. If you accidentally make a donation through Alexa or donate to the wrong charity, please contact customer service. You can see details of your donation in your Alexa app or at https://alexa.amazon.com.
Kid skills are skills that have been identified by the developer as directed to children under age 13. Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we require permission from a parent before kid skills can be used. You'll be asked to give permission the first time you attempt to use a kid skill. After you've given permission, you will receive a confirmation e-mail. You can review or change permissions by visiting the Manage Parental Consent page on Amazon.com or by contacting Customer Service ( https://www.amazon.com/contact-us). To learn more, please visit our Children's Privacy Disclosure.
Alexa enables you to control and check the status of a variety of smart home devices, such as lights, switches, cameras and thermostats. See compatible smart home devices . You can connect compatible smart home devices to Alexa using Alexa smart home skills. You can also directly connect certain smart home devices to Echo devices with a built-in smart home hub like Echo Plus. We may automatically update the firmware for certain devices on behalf of the applicable manufacturer. We may receive information about third-party smart home devices you connect to Alexa, such as device type, name, features, and status and usage history. You can delete Alexas status and usage history for third-party smart home devices through the Manage Smart Home Device History tab of the Privacy Settings in the Alexa app or https://www.amazon.com/alexaprivacy . Deleting this history may degrade your Alexa experience and certain features, such as Hunches. This will not delete other information about your smart home devices, such as device type or name.
Alexa can automatically recognize the voices of users in your household over time to improve personalization of certain Alexa features. You can also create a voice profile, so Alexa can call you by name and do more to personalize your experience. When Alexa recognizes your voice automatically, or when you create a voice profile, Alexa uses recordings of your voice to create an acoustic model of your voice characteristics. Alexa stores these acoustic models in the cloud. If a user stops using Alexa and their voice is not recognized for three years, we will automatically delete the acoustic model for their voice. You can turn off automatic voice recognition or delete any voice profile you've created in the Alexa app. Automatic voice recognition is not available in certain locations.
This free feature brings the simplicity of Echo's hands-free experience, the benefit of Echo's microphone array, plus the high-quality sound of the Echo speaker, to calling and messaging. Now you can quickly call and send/receive voice messages for your family and friends via Alexaall just by using your voice. Using your supported Echo device, simply say "Alexa, call Grandma" or "Alexa, send a message to Julie".
You can send and receive Alexa messages (and place and receive Alexa calls) between a supported Echo device and the Alexa App on supported mobile phones and tablets. Alexa Calling and Messaging may also be available on some third party Alexa-enabled products. Features may vary by device.
You can use supported Echo devices and the Alexa App to send voice and text messages to another Alexa calling and messaging user(e.g., on Echo, "Alexa, send a message to Mum" or, on the Alexa App, tapping on the message icon on Mum's contact card). Messages are processed in the Cloud to convert voice messages to text, and vice versa. When you receive a message on a supported Echo device, you will hear an audio tone and see a visual notification. You will be able to retrieve the message on your supported Echo devices by saying "Alexa, play my messages". When you receive a message, you also will receive a notification on your mobile phone or tablet, and you will be able to view and play the message in the Alexa App. Alexa messaging does not support sending or receiving text messages to or from phone numbers.
You can use supported Echo devices and the Alexa App to call another Alexa Calling and Messaging user (e.g., on Echo, "Alexa, call Mum" or, on the Alexa App, tapping on the calling icon on Mum's contact card). When you receive Alexa calls on your supported Echo devices, Alexa will tell you that you have an incoming call and identify the caller. You also will see a rotating green light indicator on Echo devices without a screen, and an incoming call screen on Echo devices with a screen. You can say "Alexa, answer" to pick up the call. Either person can end the call by saying "Alexa, hang up". When you receive a call, you also will receive a notification on your mobile phone or tablet and will see an incoming call screen in the Alexa App that lets you answer the call. Alexa calling does not support calling phone numbers or receiving calls from phone numbers. For information on placing calls using Echo Connect, see the below FAQ "How does calling on Echo Connect work?"
No, you can't reach emergency services, such as 999 or 112, through Alexa calling and messaging. You should ensure that you can contact your relevant emergency services providers through a mobile, landline telephone, or other service. For information on calling emergency services using Echo Connect, see the below FAQ "Can I call emergency services with Echo Connect?"
When you register for Alexa calling and messaging on your Alexa App, you will be asked to import your contacts, which will then appear as contacts in your Alexa App. When you open the Alexa App, your contacts are auto-updated from your tablet or mobile phone. You can also add contacts at alexa.amazon.co.uk
First you must register for Alexa Calling and Messaging. Once you are registered, if another Alexa Calling and Messaging user has your contact details, they can reach you via Alexa.
f you call or message another Alexa Calling and Messaging user (e.g. "Jane Smith"), the call or message will go to all supported Echo devices associated with that contact, as well as that contact's Alexa App.
Do Not Disturb puts your Echo device on silent, meaning you will not receive calls or messages via Alexa. Simply say "Alexa, turn on do not disturb" or you can turn it on in Settings in the Alexa App. When you're ready to receive calls and messages again, just say "Alexa, turn off do not disturb".
On the iOS version of the Alexa App, swipe a conversation to the left and click "Remove". On the Android version of the Alexa App, long-press on a conversation to select it, then tap the trash icon in the top navigation bar. Note that removing a conversation from your conversation list does not remove it from your contact's conversation list. It is not possible for you to remove sent or received messages from a contact's conversation list.
You can call Customer Service, and we will help you de-register from Alexa Calling and Messaging.
The optional Drop In feature will let you easily connect with your closest friends and family on supported Echo devices. To give Drop In permission to yourself (and your household) or a contact (and that contacts household), select the applicable contact card and turn on Drop In. In addition, you can give Drop In permission to yourself (and your household) by simply saying Alexa, Drop In on Home. To turn off Drop In for your household, you can simply say Alexa, disable Drop In. Alternatively, you can turn on Do Not Disturb on one, or all, Echo devices by saying "Alexa, turn on Do Not Disturb". You also may disable Drop In for a specific device via the device settings in the Alexa App.
When someone drops in on your supported Echo device, you will hear an audio tone and see a visual indicator that someone is dropping in on you. The contact on the other side of the Drop In will automatically hear audio through your device. You may end the Drop In by saying "Alexa, hang up". On Echo devices without a screen, you will see a green in-call light indicator showing that a Drop In is in progress. If a contact with the Alexa App or an Echo device with a screen drops in on your Echo device with a screen, they will see a frosted glass view from your device's camera. The frosted glass view will automatically transition to clear video over a short period of time. You will see the contact's video (and a picture-in-picture view of your own video) when the Drop In is in progress. You can end a Drop In by tapping the end icon on the screen, or you can disable the camera while continuing an audio conversation by saying "Alexa, video off" or tapping the video off icon on the screen.
If household members or contacts have been granted Drop In permission, they will see a recently active indicator on their Echo Show, Echo Spot or Alexa App displaying whether someone is nearby your supported Echo devices. Interactions with Alexa, and motion sensors on Echo Show, will be used to determine whether your device has been recently active.
If you have granted your household members Drop In permission, you can disable it by saying Alexa, disable Drop In or turning off Drop In on your own contact card. If you have granted any other contacts Drop In permission, you can disable that on their contact cards. You also may disable Drop In for a specific device via the device settings in the Alexa App.
 The Announcements feature lets you easily make announcements to other supported Echo devices within your household, like a one-way intercom. Simply say, Alexa, announce that dinners ready and Dinners ready will then be announced in your voice to all supported Echo devices in your household. You can block Announcements on one, or all, Echo devices by turning on Do Not Disturb  simply say "Alexa, turn on Do Not Disturb". Unlike Drop In, Announcements are one-way only. To respond to an Announcement, you can make a new Announcement or start a Drop In as a two-way intercom.
 Yes, you can link select third-party communications services with Alexa Calling and Messaging. Simply go to Communications within Settings in the Alexa App. Amazon may import and save your contacts from your third-party communications service in the Cloud to help you connect with your friends and family. Some features may not be available via Alexa, and charges from the third-party communications service may apply for use of some features. You should check any terms applicable to the third-party communications service (including whether emergency services are available) prior to linking your account with Alexa.
 To use Alexa on a Fire TV device, you may use the voice remote or the Fire TV remote app, or you may pair your Fire TV device with a compatible Alexa-enabled device. You can use Alexa on Fire TV devices to search using your voice. Voice search is faster and less frustrating than typing on a traditional alphabet grid. To use voice search, press and hold the microphone button on your voice remote or Fire TV remote app, and say the movie, TV title, actor, genre, or director that you want. If youre using the voice remote, release the microphone button when you're done speaking.
When you press the microphone button on the Alexa Voice Remote, a blue light bar appears on the Fire TV interface to indicate that the device is streaming audio to the Cloud.
 You can turn on Alexa hands-free in your device settings (Settings > Alexa) by ensuring that both Alexa and Hands-Free Mode settings are enabled. To enter Show Mode, swipe down from the Quick Actions menu and toggle Show Mode, or ask Alexa to Switch to Show Mode.
 Alexa on your Fire tablet uses on-device keyword spotting to detect the wake word, even when your device is in standby mode (Fire 7 and Fire HD 8 (7th Generation) tablets may not detect the wake word when the screen is off, if the tablet is not connected to power). When the wake word is detected, Alexa on your Fire tablet streams audio to the Cloud, including a fraction of a second of audio before the wake word.
 When Alexa on your Fire tablet detects the wake word, or when you press and hold the Home button to access Alexa, a blue line appears at the bottom of your screen to indicate that Alexa is streaming audio to the Cloud. When you use the wake word, the audio stream includes a fraction of a second of audio before the wake word, and closes once your question or request has been processed. You will also hear a short audible tone that plays after the wake word is recognised, to indicate that the device is streaming audio, and at the end of your request, to indicate that the connection has closed and the device is no longer streaming audio.
 When Alexa hands-free is activated and your tablet is passcode-locked, you can access certain Alexa features using the wake word. You'll be required to enter your passcode to access other Alexa features. If you prefer to no longer be asked to enter your passcode to access Alexa features, you can designate a wi-fi network as a Trusted Network in device settings (Settings > Alexa > Trusted Networks) and connect your Fire tablet to a Trusted Network. As a security precaution, if your tablet is passcode-locked, you may be prompted to enter your passcode to exit Show Modeeven if you're connected to a Trusted Network.
 When in Show Mode, your tablet will turn on the screen when it detects the wake word or motion in view of the camera or when you interact with the devices' display or buttons.
 There will be an on-screen indicator whenever Alexa is streaming images or video to the Cloud. For instance, if a video call is active, the device's screen will display a picture-in-picture view of the video being streamed to the Cloud.
 You can turn off Alexa hands-free in a few different ways: by swiping down from the Quick Actions menu and selecting the Alexa microphone/camera on/off icon (in Show Mode) or the Alexa Hands-Free icon (outside Show Mode), by simultaneously pressing and holding the devices volume up and down buttons for three seconds, or through your device settings (Settings > Alexa > Hands-Free Mode). When in Show Mode, a red bar and icon will appear to let you know that Alexa hands-free on your Fire tablet is turned off; outside of Show Mode, an icon will appear in your status bar. Your Fire tablet will not respond to the wake word  or, in Show Mode, detect motion in view of the camera - until you turn Alexa hands-free back on. If you turn off Alexa hands-free, you will still be able to access Alexa when your tablet is not in Show Mode by pressing and holding the Home button.
 Echo devices are designed to detect only your chosen wake word (Alexa, Amazon, Computer or Echo). The device detects the wake word by identifying acoustic patterns that match the wake word. Once the word is detected, audio begins streaming to the cloud, including a fraction of a second of audio before the wake word. No audio is stored or sent to the Cloud unless the device detects the wake word (or Alexa is activated by pressing a button).
 When Echo devices detect the wake word, or when the action button available on some Echo devices is pressed to activate Alexa, a visual indicator appears on the device to indicate that the device is streaming audio to the Cloud. For instance, a light ring on the Amazon Echo will turn blue or a blue bar will appear on Echo Show. When you use the wake word, the audio stream includes a fraction of a second of audio before the wake word, and closes once your question or request has been processed. You can turn on Follow-Up Mode to enable Alexa to respond to a series of requests without repeating the wake word. Learn more. You can also configure Echo devices to play a short audible tone any time audio is sent to the cloud within settings in the Alexa App.
 Yes. Echo devices are equipped with a microphone off button. When the button is pressed, the power to the microphones is disconnected and a dedicated red light is illuminated. When the microphones are turned off, your device cannot record and stream audio to the Cloud.
Echo devices with a screen will turn on the screen when they detect the wake word or motion in view of the camera or when you interact with the device's display or buttons.
 There will be an on-screen indicator whenever Echo devices with a camera are streaming images or video to the Cloud. For instance, if a video call is active, the devices screen will display a picture-in-picture view of the video being streamed to the Cloud or will display a green "call in progress" bar at the bottom of the screen.
 Yes. You can turn off the camera on Echo devices with a camera by pushing the microphone/camera off button on your device. When the microphone/camera off button is pressed, the power to the camera and the microphones is disconnected and a dedicated red light is illuminated. When the camera is turned off, the power to the camera and the microphones is disconnected and a dedicated red light is illuminated. When the camera is turned off, the device will not detect motion in view of the camera and you will not be able to use any features that rely on the camera such as video calling.
 You need a home phone service (such as a landline or VoIP service), wi-fi, and a supported Echo device (Echo, Echo Dot, Echo Spot, Echo Plus, and Echo Show). One Echo Connect can support only one phone line, and only one Echo Connect can be registered per Amazon account.
 Echo Connect extends and is not a replacement for your traditional telephone service. Plug Echo Connect into your home phone jack or VoIP adapter. You will also need to setup your supported Echo device. Then visit alexa.amazon.co.uk, or register for Alexa Calling and Messaging in the Alexa app in order to complete set up of your Echo Connect. With Echo Connect, you can ask Alexa to make calls using your home phone service to your contacts or to other numbers supported by your home phone service provider (e.g. "Alexa, call Mom" or "Alexa, call 03069990978). Echo Connect will display your home phone number as caller ID, unless you disable caller ID with your home phone service provider. You can also use your supported Echo devices to answer incoming calls to your home phone service (e.g. "Alexa, answer the phone"). As Echo Connect uses your existing home phone service to make and receive calls, home phone service provider charges may apply. Some calling features you may use on your home phone (such as call waiting and three-way calling) are not available through Echo Connect.
 Echo Connect will use your home phone service to make and receive your calls. The mobile number used to register for Alexa Calling and Messaging will be displayed as a caller ID for calls made using Alexa Calling. You can disable the caller ID feature through your contact card in the Alexa App. Alexa Calling uses your Echo device's internet connection to place calls to another person who has registered for Alexa calling and messaging. For more information on Alexa Calling, see the above Alexa Calling and Messaging FAQs. If you select Echo Connect, your home phone service will be used to place all calls and your home phone number will be displayed as caller ID.
If you want to call another Alexa Calling and Messaging user, there are a few different ways your call may be processed. If you specify just the name of the person you would like to call (e.g. "Alexa, call Mum"), Alexa will default to placing the call through Alexa Calling to mom's supported Echo devices or the Alexa app. If you specify the name of the person and their phone type (e.g. "Alexa, call Mum's mobile") Alexa will place the call to mom's mobile using your home phone service through your Echo Connect. For more information, see the above FAQ "What's the difference between Alexa Calling and Echo Connect."
Yes, calling emergency services as 999 or 112 through Echo Connect works just like dialling any other phone number. Simply say, "Alexa, call 999. Please note that if Echo Connect is used to call emergency numbers like 999, the location information given to the emergency service, if any, may be the address associated with the phone line connected to your Echo Connect, which may not be the same as the location of your Echo device from which you are making the call. Echo Connect will not function in the event of a power or broadband outage or other connectivity issues. If you are unable to place your call through your Echo Connect, you should use your mobile, landline telephone, or other telephone service.
Currently, Bixby is compatible with the Galaxy S8 / S8, Galaxy S9 / S9+, and the Galaxy Note8 but we plan to support more models in the future.
Bixby's name is not able to be changed.
Users must login with using a Samsung account in order to use Bixby Voice, thus it does not support incognito mode.
Yes, to use Bixby, you must be connected to a mobile data or Wi-Fi network.
The Bixby Voice Open Trivia feature allow users to ask general questions about an entity (i.e. a person, place or thing). Bixby Voice will provide news articles (text), videos, webpages, etc. to answer users' questions. 
Yes, you can select another language from Bixby Home > Settings > Language and speaking style.
No, currently we are supporting one Bixby voice option.
In addition, you can also ask Bixby Voice questions, like "what is the weather like outside" or "what movies are playing nearby."You can find the supported Apps list and sample commands on  Apps with voice and Bixby Labs.
You can find your last conversation on My Bixby. My Bixby keeps track of all your conversations and helps you improve on them with phrases you can suggest to improve your Bixby experience. 
Bixby will appear and will be animated on the screen when listening, and white and still when not listening.
You can create a reminder with specific tasks in text or checklist format, calls and text messages that you want to make later, and media contents that you want to revisit later such as photos (up to 8 photos in one reminder), videos, and web contents.
Bixby Home suggests contextually relevant cards based on your usage pattern, but it does not send you separate alerts or notifications.
Feel like youre talking to a wall? If Bixby is not responding to your voice, get the problem solved and start communicating again. From the Home screen, navigate to Apps, and then touch Settings. Touch Apps, and then swipe to and touch BixbyVoice. Touch Storage > CLEAR DATA, and then touch CLEAR CACHE. Bixby will be refreshed and ready to chat again.
Bixby stores users personal data in accordance with stringent security procedures. Users may choose to delete data that Bixby saves from Bixbys settings at any time. Bixby only collects data necessary to improve or personalize your experience, and ensures that your personal information is never transmitted.       
Bixby Home serves as a gateway to Bixbys various functions and presents your most contextually relevant apps and services on a single screen, so the content you care about is just a swipe away. Bixby learns your routine and serves up the information you need when you need it. It looks for patterns in your app usage to predict what you might be looking for, and when youre most likely to look for it. The more you use your smartphone, the more relevant Bixbys content suggestions will become. Bixby Home will automatically populate based on your actions, but you can also customize the experience to best suit your needs. You also have the options to pin your favorite cards to the top of your Home page for easy reference,and hide any cards that you no longer wish to see.
Reminder lets users do much more than simply log an appointment or create an alarm. The function utilizes Bixbys voice support and contextual awareness to allow users to set smart reminders for specified times, places or circumstances. Reminder is also integrated into other apps. You can use Reminder to save webpage URLs in the Samsung Internet app, as well as messages that youd like to get back to later in the Messages app. You can also pin reminders to your devices Always On Display to make them visible at all times, and access your collected reminders via your devices edge panel.
Bixby Visions advanced OCR (object character recognition) technology allows it to scan and recognize a total of 40 languages. These languages can then be interpreted into 104 different dialects via Googles powerful translation database.
Weve forged partnerships with popular online shopping platforms in each region to allow consumers to enjoy a much more convenient shopping experience with Bixby. These partners include Amazon in North America, Japan and several major markets across Europe, as well as Taobao in China and Samsung Pay Shopping in Korea.
Yes, it does. Thanks to Bixbys iterative deep learning technology, the more you use the interface, the smarter it gets.For example, whenever youre not satisfied with its response, Bixby will work with you to learn how to better serve your needs. Each time Bixby responds to a command, it presents you with the option to Teach me  to select a more appropriate response from a list of similar commands. The next time you make that request, Bixby will remember exactly what you wanted it to do
Bixby is optimized to detect voice commands when users are 15 to 20 centimeters (5.9 to 7.9 inches) away from their device. If youre too close or too far, it can affect the voice recognition technologys accuracy. For best results, speak clearly and at a volume comparable to normal conversation levels.
Bixby works best in environments where your voice may be clearly heard. That being said, Bixbys deep learning technology allows the interface to distinguish your voice commands from ambient noise, even when youre listening to music, by carefully analyzing sound frequencies. When in particularly loud environments, you can activate Bixby Voice using your earphones play/pause button and microphone.
Bixby Voice is currently available in Korea and the U.S. and supports commands in Korean and U.S. English. Users in the U.S. and Korea can switch between Korean and English by adjusting Bixbys language settings. Bixbys understanding of natural language is what allows it to learn dialects. Weve taught Bixby various dialects distinct intonations, vocabulary and grammatical structures, and were currently working on providing support for more.
Bixbys Quick Commands allow you to issue multi-step, complicated requests with convenient keywords. With Quick Commands, users can replace a long request, such as Track my run using the Samsung Health app, with a short, simple command, such as Run. These shortcuts allow you to interact more seamlessly with your phone. Quick Commands may be accessed under Bixby Homes My Bixby menu.
Bixby only utilizes your mobile data when listening to a command, not before or after. As a result, the length of the command ultimately determines the amount of mobile data used. If Bixby Voice is activated and youre using a licensed SIM card, its possible to use the interface even when youre overseas. Actual range of use may vary depending on the apps youre using.
Bixby Vision was designed to provide you with a deeper understanding of what youre looking at, allowing you to use your camera to easily scan and search for relevant information on the objects and places around you. Bixby Vision offers information on everything from purchasing options for a particular product to details on your current location and even the bottle of wine youre enjoying. It is also capable of scanning business cards and performing convenient translations. After scanning an object, users can use Bixby Visions image search function to locate it online. Once Bixby has identified the object, it will automatically pull up related images on Pinterest. Bixby Vision works best in bright environments, and when you hold your camera steady. The screen should not be upside down, and if the object in focus is a product, it should be captured from the front to aid identification.
The Bixby platform is free for Residents and Property Managers to download and use. There are no monthly fees and no hidden costs. The only cost to Residents is a small transaction fee imposed by our payments partner, Stripe. These fees differ depending on how you pay. ACH payments (electronic payments directly from your bank account) incur a fee of .8% of the total transaction  up to a maximum of $5. Credit and debit card transactions incur a fee of .9% of the transaction total plus a flat $.30, paid by the Resident.
Currently, Bixby is only available in New York City, but we are growing fast. Stay tuned!
Bixby is free for Residents and Building Managers. But we still have to make money. We do this in two ways: Rent & payment fees: We collect a small fee ($.50 per transaction) from Property Managers.  Resident services: We also collect a small commission from our Service Partners each time you book a service through the Bixby app.
Help Bixby help you by providing feedback on how it responds to your commands. When you say a command and Bixby responds, youll see a drop-down arrow at the top of the screen. Touch it and swipe down, and youll see what Bixby heard and the choice it made. If Bixby heard you incorrectly, touch the phrase under What I heard, enter the correct phrase using the on-screen keyboard, and touch Next. Bixby will respond to the correct command. You can also edit Bixbys response by touching a Service under Choices I made, and then selecting the correct service. 
You can raise or lower Bixby Voice's volume at any time. Just press the Bixby key to open Bixby Assistant Home, and then press the Volume Up/Down keys to adjust the volume. Note: You can also swipe down to see more volume controls.
Youve been using the default New Bixby voice for a while now, and you are curious how the other voices sound. Press the Bixby key to open New Bixby Assistant Home. Touch More Options in the top right-hand corner and then touch Settings. Next, touch Language and voice style. To change New Bixbys voice style, select your desired voice option under VOICE STYLE. To change New Bixbys language, touch Language and choose your desired language.
Theres no need to fumble with the Bixby key when you want something done  just call Bixby with your voice. To set up Voice wake-up, open Bixby Assistant Home by pressing the Bixby key. Touch More Options > Settings. Touch Voice wake-up, and then touch the slider next to Wake with Hi, Bixby. From there, follow the on-screen prompts. Note: When you set up Bixby Voice for the first time, you will be prompted to set up Voice wake-up.
You love how Bixby responds to your voice, but what if you have music playing, or your alarm is going off? Thats no problem. You can use Voice wake-up when your phone speaker is playing media, control the Wake-up sensitivity, and more. 
During media (video/game/voice) recording, during a call (including outgoing call), while docked on the DeX Station, maximum power saving mode, emergency mode, kids mode and mirror link.
New Bixby is an intelligent, versatile, and zippy digital assistant that learns and adapts to you. And with the recent upgrade, its even better than before.
Press the Bixby key to open Bixby Assistant Home and then touch the keyboard icon in the lower left-hand corner. Use the keyboard to type a command to New Bixby and then touch the Send icon. New Bixby will read your command and complete it right away.
The newly updated Bixby boasts a faster response time and will adapt to your routines. Bixby will remember commands or information youve previously mentioned and apply it to future situations. 
Yes, the is another way. Maybe you prefer writing over speaking aloud. No sweat, New Bixby loves to read. You can type commands to New Bixby and it will understand.
First, make sure you have Spotify downloaded from the Play Store. Press the Bixby key to open Bixby Assistant Home, and then swipe left. Touch Spotify, and then touch CONNECT ACCOUNT. Log in or sign up for a Spotify account. Your Spotify account is now linked with Bixby. You're ready to try out some voice commands.
Bixby Labs is where Bixby experiments with new apps beyond default Bixby compatible apps. These experiments might not always work out just right, but Bixby always learns something new.
Bixby is a virtual assistant developed by Samsung Electronics. ... Bixby can also be sideloaded on older Galaxy devices running Android Nougat. Bixby represents a major reboot for S Voice, Samsung's voice assistant app introduced in 2012 withthe Galaxy S III.
The last step is getting rid of the Bixby Home side screen. Tap and hold on an empty section of your home screen, and then swipe right to reach the leftmost panel, which is Bixby Home. To get rid of it, toggle the button up top to the off position.
Press and hold the Bixby button on the side of the device while speaking commands. ...From Bixby Voice popup, review the prompt then tap Full screen as needed. From Bixby Voice screen, review or search available commands then tap the Bixby icon to begin listening.
Siri and Google Assistant can open the camera for you but they cannot switch to the front-facing camera, nor can they snap a photo for you. But Bixby being able to do several tasks better than Siri also Google Assistant is something I didnt expect.
Bixby is a virtual assistant developed by Samsung Electronics. Bixby represents a reboot for Samsungs voice assistant app introduced in 2012 with the Galaxy S III
To set up Bixby Voice for the first time, press the Bixby key, and then touch Next. Review the terms, select I have read and agree to all of the above, and then touch Next. Follow the on-screen instructions to teach Bixby your voice and set up Voice wake-up. When youre finished, touch the Check mark. Now, Bixby will listen to your commands! You can also explore Bixby Assistant Home and see what Bixby can do
To access Bixby Home, swipe right from the Home screen, and then touch START. If needed, sign into your Samsung account. Next, review the information and then touch I have read and agree to all of the above. Then, touch NEXT.
Bixby edits photos, sends messages, and composes emails on command. Anything you do on your hone via touch, you should be able to do by voice with Bixby.
Bixby will be a new intelligent interface on our devices. Fundamentally different from other voice agents or assistants in the market, Bixby offers a deeper experience thanks to proficiency in these three properties: Completeness, Context Awareness, and Cognitive Tolerance
Bixby offers four main features: Voice, Vision, Reminder and Home.
Google Home mini is tiny smart speaker powered by the Google Assistant that can be used to Play your favorite music, Create your Calender entries, Set Alarm, Get updates on Weather, Traffic etc.
Please check out this link to set up your Google Home Mini with step by step instructions.
Yes. It does work in India. But, there are few country-specific features which will not work in India such as Voice Calling etc.
In Google Home Mini, firmware updates are Automatic. Your Home Mini will be updated to the latest firmware automatically. No manual actions needed.
Open the Google Home app Click on the Devices icon in the top right of the Home Screen On your device listing, Tap on the Menu icon and select Settings Scroll down to bottom and check for Cast Firmware Version The version mentioned in front of the Cast Firmware Version is the current firmware of your Home Mini. Check out this link to find the latest firmware available for Google Home devices.
If your Home Mini is purchased in the U.S. or other countries and if you are using it in India, Home Mini will not be updated to the latest available firmware. You need to change your Smartphones language (System Language) to English U.S. from English India. To force the firmware update, Go to your smartphones Settings, Select System -> Language and Input, Tap on Languages -> Change the language to English U.S., Once you change the language to English U.S., Restart the Home Mini and Force Stop the Google Home app or restart your phone. Now, the Homi Mini will receive the latest firmware update automatically. Please make a note that, Settings for changing system language is slightly different for different Android Versions. So find similar options on your Smartphone.
No. you will not be able to make calls using the Home Mini. This features currently available only in very few countries such as U.S., U.K. etc
No. Google Home app is needed to set up your Home Mini. Once youre done with the setup, you can use the Home Mini without the help of a smartphone. But, still, if you would like to change the Mini settings such as Pairing your Bluetooth speaker, Switching to Night mode etc. has to be done using the Home app. So always keep the Google Home app on your smartphone.
Yes. You can play the locally stored music through Home Mini. To do so, Turn ON your Phones Bluetooth, Open Google Home app on your smartphone, Tap on the Devices icon from the top left of the Home screen, On your device listing, Tap on the Menu icon and select Settings, Scroll down and select Paired Bluetooth Devices, Tap on Enable Pairing Mode, Now, Open your Phones Bluetooth Settings, Select your Home Mini and Tap on Pair, Thats it. Now, youll see the status as Connected, Now, if you play any Media on your smartphone, it will be outputted through the Home Mini
Play some music on Home Mini, Open Google Home app on your smartphone, Tap on the Devices icon on the top left of the Home screen, Tap on the Thumbnail of the Song or Select your Home Mini, Now using the Media control page, you can Play, Pause, or Change volume levels
Open the Google Home app, Click on the Devices icon from the top right of the Home Screen, On your device listing, Tap on the Menu icon and select Settings, Select More, Scroll down and select Video and Photos, Tap on Link just below the Netflix listing, Sign into your Netflix account by following the on-screen instructions
Turn on your Bluetooth speaker and set it to pairing mode, Open the Google Home App on your smartphone, Tap on the Devices icon at the top right of the home screen, Tap on the Menu and select Settings, Select the option Default Music Speaker, Tap on the Pair Bluetooth Speaker. It will start scanning the nearby Bluetooth speakers, Select your Bluetooth Speaker (Altec Orbit is the name of my Bluetooth speaker), Tap on Done. Now the Music will be outputted from your Bluetooth speaker, If you would like to switch the Music output to your Home Mini, In the Default Music Speaker, Select your Google Home Mini as the default speaker and select Done
G Suites Gmail features include: custom business email @yourcompany, unlimited group email addresses, 99.9% guaranteed uptime, twice the storage of free Gmail, zero ads, 24/7 phone and email support, G Suite Sync for Microsoft Outlook, and more.l in G Suite differ from free Gmail?
Yes. A user can have multiple email addresses by creating email aliases such as support@yourcompany. You can add up to 30 email aliases for each user.
Yes. Migration tools are available for importing your old emails from legacy environments such as Lotus Notes and Microsoft.
G Suite has been built from the ground up to mitigate the unique threats for cloud systems. Googles standards for performance and reliability apply to businesses, schools and government institutions around the world.The technology, scale, and agility of our infrastructure bring unique security benefits to our customers. Our vast network of data centers are built with custom-designed servers, that run our own operating system for security and performance. Because Google controls its entire hardware stack, we are able to quickly respond to threats that may emerge.Google employs dedicated security professionals to work on protecting your data, including some of the worlds foremost experts in computer security. Just like all teams at Google, this team is constantly innovating and making the future more secure, not just for Googles billion users, but for business organizations as well.Google has an outstanding track record of protecting user data. We protect this data from outside intrusions as well as insider threats. In addition, we tightly restrict and monitor any internal access to user data. The small set of employees with access is subject to rigorous authentication measures, detailed logging, and activity scanning to detect inappropriate access via log analysis. It is this unique combination of people, technology and agility that ensure your data is secure at Google. For more information, check out the G Suite Security Whitepaper.
Google designed G Suite with very stringent privacy and security standards based on industry best practices. This helps our customers address their compliance and regulatory requirements. Google offers strong contractual commitments regarding data ownership, data use, security, transparency, and accountability. Google undergoes several independent third-party audits on a regular basis. These independent auditors examine the controls present in our data centers, infrastructure, and operations. Examples of these audits and standards include:SOC1, (SSAE-16/ISAE-3402), SOC2, SOC3, ISO27001, ISO 27018:2014 and FedRAMP. Learn more about our certifications at Security and Trust. Many G Suite services are also compliant with HIPAA (U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act). G Suite for Education can be used in compliance with laws and regulations important to schools.
G Suite supports customers compliance with the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), which governs the safeguarding, use, and disclosure of protected health information (PHI). Customers who are subject to HIPAA and wish to use G Suite for PHI processing or storage can sign a business associate amendment with Google. View more details about HIPAA compliance with G Suite.
Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to producing data in response to legal requests. When we receive such a request, our team reviews the request to make sure it satisfies legal requirements and Google's policies. Generally speaking, for Google to produce any data, the request must be made in writing, signed by an authorized official of the requesting agency and issued under an appropriate law. If we believe a request is overly broad, we'll seek to narrow it. For more information, visit Googles Transparency Report.
Core customer data that is uploaded or created in G Suite services is encrypted at rest, as described in this help centre article. This encryption happens as it is written to disk, without the customer having to take any action. Google encrypts data with distinct encryption keys, even if they belong to the same customer. Data is encrypted using 128-bit or stronger Advanced Encryption Standard (AES). Google encrypts core G Suite data while it is in transit as well, whether it is traveling over the Internet between the customer and Google or moving within Google as it shifts from one data center to another. We encrypt this data between Google and our customers using HTTPS with forward secrecy.
Google offers the security features required for most customers directly in G Suite. G Suites Business and Enterprise editions offer some additional security features, such as advanced Google Drive auditing and security keys management at scale. In all plans, G Suite administrators have control over system configuration and applications from within a single dashboard via our Admin console regardless of the size of the organization. Administrators can access advanced tools immediately, including authentication features like 2-Step verification and single sign-on, or email security policies like secure transport (TLS) enforcement, IRM, and DLP which can be configured in a few clicks. For customers with security needs beyond what is included in G Suite, we created a partner marketplace that extends our capabilities.
Yes. Google has a broad customer base in Europe. Google provides capabilities and contractual commitments for our customers designed specifically to help address EU data protection requirements and the guidance provided by the Article 29 Working Party. G Suite offers EU Model Contract Clauses and a Data Processing Amendment. Additionally, G Suite has been assessed as appropriate for use with the UK government's Cloud Security Principles "OFFICIAL (including OFFICIAL- SENSITIVE)."
Yes, you can bring your existing email, contacts, and calendar data with you to G Suite. You can migrate the data for yourself and your team members, or you can let your team migrate their own data. G Suite includes tools to migrate data from Microsoft Exchange or Microsoft Office 365, IBM Notes, and other email systems.
No, youll continue to send/receive email as usual. To use Gmail with G Suite, you setup your domain (MX records) to direct your mail flow to the Google mail servers. Its like registering your new address with the post office so that mail is delivered to your new location. Once the MX records change takes effect (up to 72 hours), you can start receiving/sending email through your G Suite account. Until then, youll receive/send your email through your old mail system.
No, this transition will not affect your current website. Setting up G Suite does not require any changes to your current web host provider. While G Suite is not a web hosting provider, you can learn more about Google web hosting solutions through Google Cloud Platform.
To use G Suite, you need a domain. Your domain name is what appears after the www. in your website URL. If you already have a domain, enter it when you sign up for G Suite. (Youll be asked to verify that you own the domain.) If you dont have a domain or want to use a different one with G Suite, you can purchase a domain of your choice (if available) from Google.
Yes, you can work with a G Suite partner. These experienced IT-service companies can help you evaluate, customize, deploy, and transition to G Suite. They can also provide training, data management, and ongoing support. If you have questions about setting up G Suite, you can also contact G Suite Support. The Support team is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Visit the Setup Site for information on setup, communication templates, and resources for deployment and change management.
Yes, you can manage your organizations mobile devices, without the need for an on-premise device management server, using the Google Admin console. Mobile device management (MDM) allows you to enforce device policies over mobile devices in your organization and perform actions like remotely wiping your users mobile devices.
If your organization acquires a new domain name or does business at multiple domains, you can add all your domains to your account at no extra cost. Users can then have identities at one or more of your domains while sharing services as part of a single organization. And you can manage your domains from the same Admin console. Add a domain as either a separate domain or domain alias, depending on how you plan to use it.
 Yes. No matter the size of your organization, we recommend that you distribute the responsibility of managing your users and services among a select set of trusted users. You can grant a user administrative privileges by assigning them one of the available administrator roles. Assigning a role grants the user access to your Admin console. You can make a user a super administrator who can perform all tasks in the Admin console. You can also assign an administrator a role that limits which tasks the administrator can perform. For example, allowing them only to create groups, manage service settings, or reset a user's password.
 Initially, most services are turned on for all of your users. You can use the Admin console to turn off services you don't want people to use, or to customize how services work. You have the option to enable the same settings for everyone or apply unique policies to different users. For example, you might turn on Hangouts just for your support team or allow only the marketing department to share public Google Sites.
 With G Suite, you'll receive a number of additional business-grade services not included with Googles free consumer apps. These services include: custom business email @yourcompany, twice the amount of cloud storage across Gmail and Drive, 24/7 phone and email support, 99.9% guaranteed uptime on business email, interoperability with Microsoft Outlook, additional security options like two-step authentication and SSO, and administrative controls for user accounts.
No. When you sign up for G Suite, youll gain access to a set of integrated apps that work together seamlessly. For instance, you can receive a message in Gmail and instantly convert it into a Calendarevent. When you make a comment in Docs, Sheets, or Slides, collaborators automatically receive email alerts. With a single click, you can launch a Hangouts video meeting from your inbox or calendar. Using these tools together improves productivity and gives your business the most value. However, you are welcome to purchase the suite and only use the services of your choice.
 Weve found that many of our customers are able to eliminate their existing productivity suites and rely exclusively on G Suite to create different kinds of files, including text documents, spreadsheets, and presentations. You can work on those files in real time with other people and store them in the cloud with Google Drive. G Suites apps work across devices. Unlike traditional desktop applications, there is no software to install. G Suite is also compatible with files made in other programs, such as Microsoft Office.
 With G Suite, you'll receive a number of additional business-grade services not included with Googles free consumer apps. These services include: custom business email @yourcompany, twice the amount of cloud storage across Gmail and Drive, 24/7 phone and email support, 99.9% guaranteed uptime on business email, interoperability with Microsoft Outlook, additional security options like two-step authentication and SSO, and administrative controls for user accounts.
 No. When you sign up for G Suite, youll gain access to a set of integrated apps that work together seamlessly. For instance, you can receive a message in Gmail and instantly convert it into a Calendarevent. When you make a comment in Docs, Sheets, or Slides, collaborators automatically receive email alerts. With a single click, you can launch a Hangouts video meeting from your inbox or calendar. Using these tools together improves productivity and gives your business the most value. However, you are welcome to purchase the suite and only use the services of your choice.
 Weve found that many of our customers are able to eliminate their existing productivity suites and rely exclusively on G Suite to create different kinds of files, including text documents, spreadsheets, and presentations. You can work on those files in real time with other people and store them in the cloud with Google Drive. G Suites apps work across devices. Unlike traditional desktop applications, there is no software to install. G Suite is also compatible with files made in other programs, such as Microsoft Office.
G Suite has three editions: Basic, Business, and Enterprise. Basic has 30GB of storage per user, Business offers unlimited storage and archiving, and Enterprise includes additional advanced controls and customization. You can compare G Suites editions for more information.
Yes, we offer 14 days of G Suite service to new customers. Sign up for the free trial in minutes and create accounts for up to 10 people on your team. Well need to get your billing details to get your account set up, but you will only be charged after the free trial is over. You can cancel anytime. To get the most from your trial, we recommend trying at least 3 tasks you want to explore, such as collaborating on Docs, launching a video meeting in Hangouts Meet, or checking Gmail from your mobile device.
You can sign up for G Suite online or contact our sales team to get started. When you sign up online, youll automatically start with a free 14-day trial. Well need to get your billing details to get your account set up, but you will only be charged after the free trial is over. You can cancel anytime. Please note the trial is limited to 10 users. If you add more than 10 users during your trial period, the trial will end, and you will begin payment.
You can cancel your subscription at any time in the Admin Console dashboard, under the Billing section. If you cancel within your 14-day trial period, you will not be charged. Please refer to this help center article for more information.
Following our setup guide, you can set up G Suite and migrate your information at no additional cost. Our Support team is available to help if needed. If you would like someone to do the setup and migration for your company, please contact a Google Partner to learn more about these services and the costs associated.
You can pay for your G Suite subscription using an international credit card. Google accepts payments from Visa, Mastercard, and American Express. In some locations, you can also pay by making withdrawals from a bank account (also called direct debit).
Annual plans are offered only in some countries. Visit our pricing page to see if an annual plan is offered in your country.
 A user is defined as one personalized email address (name@yourcompany). A user can have multiple email addresses by creating email aliases. Group email aliases (such as support@yourcompany) don't count as users. You can add up to 30 email aliases for each user.
 No. Each user can have multiple email addresses by creating email aliases. You can add up to 30 email aliases per user.
 No, the cost of a domain is separate from G Suite. During signup, you will specify the domain you want for your business email. If you dont yet own the domain, you can purchase it from Google for an additional fee.
 Yes. When you first set up your billing, you will choose a country where you do business and which currency you would like to use to pay. Your country determines what payment methods you can use. Choose your country and currency carefully, as you can't change these selections later.
 Yes. This feature is available within a Chrome browser. If you haven't already, give Chrome a tryit's free and easy to install.
Yes. You can change each document's settings to grant anyone you choose editor, viewer or commenter access.
Yes. You can convert many different file types into Docs format. The original file will remain intact.
yes
yes
no
18 months
1832
the United States Note, the first paper currency in United States history
11-year-old Grace Bedell
1776
yes
No
Yes
Yes
Hardin County
March 4, 1861
John Wilkes Booth
Yes
General McClellan
To free slaves 
Yes
Yes
Yes
seven
1846
23 years
Yes
1774
Yes
No
1774
Voltaic Pile
Yes
yes
no
yes
the first cell
volt
Spain
yes
yes
physisist
Yes
Yes
Yes
yes
Yes
Yes
From 1796 to 1815
the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society
Yes
Yes
Electricity
Yes
Yes
Amedeo Avogadro
Amedeo Avogadro
1821
1820
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
Avogadro had been recalled to Turin university
yes
yes
No
University of Turin
six
contributions to the theory of molarity and molecular weight
6.02214199x10 23
ecclesiastical law
Turin
professor of physics
Amedeo
Avogadro
no
Yes
Yes
Yes.
Yes
yes
Yes.
A person.
Italy.
Anders Celsius
The Celsius crater on the Moon
1733
No
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Anders Celsius
named after him
Yes
Yes 
Yes
Yes
Yes he did
He was professor of astronomy at Uppsala University
The scale was reversed
He determined the dependence of the boiling of water with atmospheric pressure.
 the Celsius temperature scale 
atmospheric pressure
Uppsala, Sweden
The scale was reversed by Carolus Linnaeus. 
professor of astronomy
Celsius
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
observations
no
yes
the linguistic phenomenon of diglossia
yes
yes
yes
in colonies
mid to late summer
cuckoo bees
from predatory ancestors
honey
to replace daily casualties
Yes
No
Yes
the head, the thorax, and the abdomen
mimicry
Colorado potato beetle
Colorado potato beetle
their hardened, often darkened head, the presence of chewing mouthparts, and spiracles along the sides of the body
Some are generalists, eating both plants and animals. Other beetles are highly specialised in their diet.
mouthparts
Yes
Yes
yes
350,000
during pairing
coleopterology
yes
no
Beetles.
The name "Coleoptera".
Antennae.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
yes
yes
yes
in 755 AD
Beiping
surrounding cities and provinces
Tsinghua University
Yes
yes
yes
yes
The Reichstag building
the 1936 Summer Olympics and the 2006 FIFA World Cup final
on the Spree Island
Reichstag building
Because burning lignite produces harmful emissions
The two zoos in Berlin are the Zoologischer Garten Berlin and the Tierpark Friedrichsfelde.
Yes, Berlin is the headquarters of Springer.
Yes, the Gendarmenmarkt borders the French Cathedral.
No, the Nauen plain stretches to the west of Berlin.
The bust of Queen Nefertiti is in the Altes Museum.
The German President lives west of the center, Schloss Bellevue.
In 1451 Berlin gave up its status as a free Hanseatic city.
Tegel International Airport is the busiest airport in Berlin.
Germany was divided into four occupation zones after the war.
Popkomm was held in Cologne before moving to Berlin.
yes
yes
ill health
the procedure used in geometry 
Time
Gilberte
yes
Blaise Pascal
yes
3
Jacqueline
sickness and Jansenism
yes
His father died in 1651.
yes
Yes
Yes
Some butterflies make sounds.
Yes, butterflies have two eyes.
In the Philippines a black butterfly or moth mean that someone has died.
The outer layer of the cuticle is made of of a mixture of chitin and specialized proteins.
In Kyoto there was a vast swarm of butterflies.
The Monarch butterfly is migratory.
No, butterflies carry less pollen than Hymenoptera.
A butterfly's hind wings allow the butterfly to evade predators.
If a ring is removed the other three will grow to a larger size.
Yes
Yes
Yes
Upon graduating from college
In 1905
the "Roaring Twenties"
moved to Massachusetts
Massachusetts
Coolidge
No
Yes
Yes
July 4 1872
Plymouth
No
Yes
Heart attack
no
yes
1898
1898
phi gamma delta
Grace Anna Goodhue
It was too expensive
no
1906 and 1908
yes
Yes.
No.
Chinese.
Quebec City
The British North America Act.
France and Britain.
During the Suez Crisis of 1956, Lester B. Pearson eased tensions by proposing the inception of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force. Canada has since served in 50 peacekeeping missions, including every UN peacekeeping effort until 1989
Yes.
Yes
No.
Ten provinces and three territories
The most densely populated part of the country is the Quebec City-Windsor Corridor along the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence River in the southeast.
Christian
1944
1545
The fur trade
yes
The Maple Leaf Flag
The first Canadian Army units in WW II
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
No
No
Violincello means "little violene".
Traditionally, bows are made from pernambuco or brazilwood.
the pegs
Artificial harmonics can produce any notes above middle C.
Monteverdi referred to the cello as "basso de viola da braccio".
on the shoulder
Yes
yes
yes
violoncello
cellist
to stop cracks from forming ****misspelled****
the 18th century
Luis & Clark
Yes
No
Yes
Paris, France
Martinique 
Coulomb's Law
no
yes
yes
Yes
yes
yes
yes
June 14, 1736
yes
yes
distance and electric force
yes
France
yes
yes
Chinese
yes
Yes
Hanyu Pinyin
a knowledge of 2000 characters
South China displays more linguistic diversity
The standardized from of spoken Chinese is Standard Mandarin.
Yes, diglossia is a common feature in mainland China and Taiwan.
Yes, linguists often view Chinese as a language family.
Classical Chinese literature began in the 14th to 11th centuires BCE.
The PRC commonly refers to all divisons of the Sinitic language(s) beside Standard Mandarin as fangyan, or "regional tongues."
Middle Chinese was the language used in the 6th through 1-th centuries CE.
Foreign words are transliterated into close-match existing Chinese morphemes.
The Hanyu Da Zidian includes 54,678 head entries for characters.
Old Chinese was the language common during the early and middle Zhou Dynasty.
Denmark
Oresund Bridge
Its strategic location and excellent infrastructure
a bunch of things
No
Most Livable City, Location Ranking Survey
Because it was WW2
yes
no
2.4 meters
4 inches
tiger, lion, and jaguar
yes
cougar, bobcat, Canadian lynx
Yes
Yes
Yes
Hi-Hats, Crash, Splash, Ride, and China
The suspended cymbal
The bass drum playing an identical part
It causes a sound which is in a higher register than the rest of the cymbal
The combination of a clash cymbol being accompanied by a bass drum playing an identical part, played loudly
Crash cymbals
Yes
Yes
No
bell
edge or rim
the suspended cymbal
the cymbals and the drum
fauns and satyrs
clash cymbals
no
yes
no
The center of a Cymbal
brass
at least 3
Cymbals are used in modern orchestras and many military, marching, concert and other bands
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
No
yes
yes
yes
thousands of years
tension
yes
yes
no
the drumhead
Terry Bozzio
no
no
Yes.
yes
Yes
yes
yes
no
cartoon character
They are heavier
Meat, eggs, and feathers
yes
Yes
They are farmed for their meat, eggs and feathers. They are also kept and bred by aviculturists and often displayed in zoos.
Dabbling ducks
loons or divers, grebes, gallinules, and coots
to bend down low as if to get under something
pike, crocodilians, and other aquatic hunters
It uses short spikes to push struggling prey and other food down its throat
Yes
Yes
Yes
loons or divers, grebes, gallinules, and coots
their inability to fly makes them easy prey
being farmed for their meat, eggs, feathers, (particularly their down)
tiny rows of plates called lamellae like a whale's baleen
Quacks like a duck
In many areas, wild duckof various species (including ducks farmed and released into the wild) are hunted for food or sport, by shooting, or formerly by decoys.
No
Yes, most eels are predators.
Yes
approximately 800 species
Northern Germany, The Netherlands, Denmark, Sweden
Eels begin life as flat and transparent larvae, called leptocephali.
No
yes
no
yes
1967
All but Christianity, Islam, and Judaism
more than 78 million
the only arable agricultural land is found there,
no
The New Kingdom
No.
Yes
Yes
June 18 1953
During the Old Kingdom
Libya, Sudan, the Gaza Strip and Israel
More than 78 million.
Yes.
Yes
6000 BC.
yes
yes
yes
2
70 years
1
120 kilograms
the elephant was "the beast which passeth all others in wit and mind."
Yes
Sometimes
Yes
By producing and receiving low-frequency sound (infrasound)
when they are sick or wounded
22 months
three
temperature regulation
elephant
Yes
Yes
Yes
Ears
Angola
yes
None
No
yes
no
Alexander I
75 years
1952
the Gulf of Finland
yes
yes
no
Yes
75 years
the cities of the Greater Helsinki metropolitan area
CMX
Northern Europe
relatively warm
Yes
Yes
Twelfth Century
 The first verifiable written documents appeared in the twelfth century. 
Helsinki
Christmas
No
Yes
Yes
Yes
No
Around 1900 BCE
Vowel harmony and an agglutinative morphology
Norway
Aleksis Kivi
The Dictionary of Contemporary Finnish
Yes.
Yes.
Yes
A flute player, a flautist, or a flutist
In 2004
12th century.
A three-holed flute made from a mammoth tusk and two flutes made from swans' bones are among the oldest known musical instruments
7th century BC.
A Bernoulli, or siphon.
When a stream of air directed across a hole in the instrument creats a vibration of air at the hole.
A flute's volume can be increased by making its resonator and tone holes larger.
Yes.
Germany
Bansuri and the Venu or Pullanguzhal.
Yes
Yes
Yes
7th century BC
Two
Lacquered bamboo
Opening and closing holes in the body of the instrument
Yes
No
Yes
2 to 3 years
in the United Kingdom
the Fennec Fox
vixens
burying it for later consumption
No
2 years ago
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
French
Yes
Yes
yes
Over eight years.
Yes
Yes
He was abusive and had a history of hitting his mother.
Yes
yes
yes
yes
Michigan's 5th congressional district
About 400
Jay Berwanger
no
yes
no
Ford received a commission as ensign in the US Naval Reserve.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
yes
no
no
Yes
Yes
Yes
yes
yes
No
1957
10
Nana Akufo-Addo
christian
warm and comparatively dry
No
Yes
Yes
warrior king
founder and first president
500 miles north of the present Ghana, and occupied the area between Rivers Senegal and Niger
yes
Ford St. Anothy in Axim
yes
yes
yes 
yes
yes
yes
No
Yes
Ursidae (bear)
One to two weeks
20
Ailuropoda melanoleuca melanoleuca and  Ailuropoda melanoleuca qinlingensis 
Loans of Giant Pandas to American and Japanese zoos
Yes
Yes
Yes
Sichuan province, Shaanxi and Gansu provinces
2009
Two
Yes
threatened by habitat loss
yes
yes
Yes
savannas, grasslands, or open woodlands
It's extremely long tongue
With powerful kicks
yes
Yes
Yes.
Yes
Yes
between a wolf's toes
between 32 and 68 kilograms 
Howling helps pack members keep in touch, allowing them to communicate effectively in thickly forested areas or over great distances. Howling also helps to call pack members to a specific location. Howling can also serve as a declaration of territory, as shown in a dominant wolf&apos;s tendency to respond to a human imitation of a "rival" wolf in an area the wolf considers its own. 
the killing of several prey animals too numerous to eat at one sitting
Yes
Yes
Yes
Kazakhstan
Canis
Late Spring or Early Summer
A pack can only suppport one littler per year
Darting and Foot hold traps.
Dominance
no
yes
No
in the Blue Room in the White House
A heart attack
one
that he had fathered an illegitimate child while he was a lawyer in Buffalo
James G. Blaine
No.
Yes.
Yes.
1870
1908
1884 and 1892 presidential elections
Reverend Richard Cleveland and Anne Neal.
Grover Cleveland
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
No.
Yes.
Yes.
At the end of the guitar.
Luthiers.
Metal, polymers, or animal or plant product materials.
There are many variations within this type.
The transfer of string vibrations.
Fender Stratocaster type guitars.
yes
yes
yes
six
headstock
wood
to standardise the instrument
3,300 years old
Neck joint or 'Heel'
in 1894
phographic plates being fully exposed
yes
yes
1890
Henri Becquerel
yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Paris
No
No
No
no
physisist
December 15, 1852
Yes
Yes
photographic plates and black material
Yes
Paris
was a physisist
yes
No
yes
1999
by the end of the 16th century
No
No
because of anti-communist purges early in the Suharto era
nutmeg, cloves, and cubeb pepper
Indonesia's special capital region
Indonesia
the Javanese
The indonesian archipelago became an important trade region
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
Yes
Christmas Day, Decembeer 25, 1642.
Three
God
1670-1672
The principles of conservation of momentum and angular momentum
Henry More
Yes.
At Woolsthorpe Manor in Woosthorpe-by-Colsterworth.
Gottfried Leibniz.
In 1665.
Yes.
The apple.
yes
yes
yes
Woolsthorpe Manor in Woolsthorpe-by-Colsterworth
1687
Oxford University Museum of Natural History
Westminster Abbey
apple
yes
yes
yes
Jakarta
The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta.
Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta
The city is hot and humid.
The name Jakarta is derived from the Sanskrit word "Jayakarta."
election
Because it is located approximately eight meters above the sea level
yes
Yes
yes
On the northwest coast of Java
General Herman Willem Deandels
Yes
yes
Yes
Yes.
Yes
March 4, 1825.
Spence Monroe.
Maria Hester Monroe Gouverneur
Reduced tension
Yes
A doctrine declaring U.S. opposition to European interference in the Americas.
yes
Yes
Yes
Westmoreland County, Virginia
at the Battle of Trenton, in his left shoulder
Elizabeth Kortright
He practiced law in Virginia.
1817-1825
George Washington
1814
July 4, 1831
1776
Monroe was elected president in the election of 1816, and re-elected in 1820.
Monroe Hill on the grounds of the University of Virginia.
December 2, 1823
His daughter Maria Hester Monroe Gouverneur
As a result, the two nations moved closer toward the War of 1812. 
Monroe
The Federalist Party
no
yes
yes
yes
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
steam engine
Greenock, a seaport on the Firth of Clyde
Agnes Muirhead
17 years
Steam engine.
No, he was Scottish.
Yes
No
His father was a shipwright, ship owner and contractor, and served as the town's chief baillie.
In 1800.
In Greenock.
The watt is named after him for his contributions to the development of the steam engine.
Watt did not attend school regularly.
yes
yes
yes
1755
Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin, Robert R. Livingston and Roger Sherman.
Colossus of Independence
The Federalist Party.
Federalist
yes
no
yes
No
yes
1789-1797
The Federalist Party
United First Parish Church
They were a series of judges, so called because most of them were formally appointed days before Adams' presidential term expired
Hamilton wanted to control the army differently than Adams
He wrote descriptions of events and impressions of men
John Adams
John Adams
yes
John Adams
yes
Adams married Abigail Smith
No
yes
yes
Mob, troop, or court
A pouch called a marsupium
Their hind feet and their tails
Because of grazing
yes
Yes
No
4.6 years
1994
roo bars
Yes
Thylacine, Marsupial Lion, Maagalania, and Wonambi
Yes
Yes
Yes
hopping
4 to 6 years
a mob, troop, or court
a kangaroo
roo bars
hopping
The Red Kangaroo, The Eastern Grey Kangaroo, The Western Grey Kangaroo, and The Antilopine Kangaroo
yes
No.
Veterinarians
different diets
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
Yes, the koala did not specialise in a diet of eucalyptus until the climate cooled and eucalypt forests grew in the place of rainforests.
The koala fills the same ecological role as the sloth of South America.
yes
Populations also extend for considerable distances inland in regions with enough moisture to support suitable woodlands.
The koalas of South Australia were largely exterminated during the early part of the 20th century, but the state has since been repopulated with Victorian stock.
Yes
yes
Yes
78 million Korean speakers
language, country, and people
Korean
modern times
There are about 78 million Korean speakers.
The Korean Language contains nine parts of speech. 
There are seven verb paradigms or speech levels in Korean.
The Sino-Korean system is nearly entirely based on the Chinese numerals.
Adjectives are also known as "descriptive verbs" or "stative verbs".
It is written in rows.
Sino-Korean makes up 30% of the Korean language.
No, Chinese and Japanese do not have spaces between words.
Korean is descended from Old Korean, Middle Korean and Modern Korean.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
The dialect spoken in Jeju is in fact classified as a different language by some Korean linguists.
Yes
1.6 million
Bahasa Melayu
muddy confluence, "muddy estuary," and "muddy city"
Kuala Lumpur International Airport and Subang International Airport
42 months
1
toward the end of the 19th and early 20th centuries
01-Feb-74
Yes, Leonardo da Vinci was born on April 15.
Leonardo da Vinci left Verroccio's studio.
1528
In 1499.
Yes
Yes.
yes
Yes
Yes
A cheetah or a jaguar
A pumapard
in dense vegetation or in trees
by the length of their tails
Black Panthers
circular
yes
yes
yes
southern Eurasia and Africa, from Korea to South Africa and Spain
60-110cm
Males are considerably larger than females and weigh 37 to 90 kg compared to 28 to 60 kg for females. 
yes
The leopard has rosettes rather than cheetah's simple spots, but they lack internal spots, unlike the jaguar. The leopard is larger and less lanky than the cheetah but smaller than the jaguar.
Leopards
No
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
1836
11
Swiss franc
Yes
Austrian Federal Railways
two-thirds
No
No
Yes
No
October 1921.
German
Switzerland and Austria
Raetia
6
Liechtenstein
Liechtenstein's population
Yes
No
a role in preserving the culture and history of the country.
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
January 18,1535.
Near the downtown area.
Automobiles that renders express service on some major roads of the Lima Metropolitan Area.
Yes.
No.
Three
Yes.
Hemming.
Yes.
the city, Lima
Yes
No
Yes
10
In all oceans
0.31 ppm
yes.
yes.
Swimming backwards quickly by curling and uncurling their abdomen.
Yes
Yes
No
Over 300
By the 600s, the Anglo-Saxons had created a new S09_settlement called Lundenwic.
London
England and Scotland
Yes
Yes
No
The lower strings
North-eastern parts of Africa
Yes
Yes
No
Yes.
Yes.
Austronesian.
Subject Object Verb.
No
Yes
Yes
No
Four
Subject Verb Object
Malay 
No
No
Malagasy
The Malay language was found in Sumatra.
Yes.
Yes
yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Melburnian
1847
six
boundary of the very hot inland areas and the cold southern ocean
7.6 million.
yes
yes
no
self-induction
Doctor of Civil Law degree (honorary)
Faraday
yes
yes
no
yes
yes
best experimentalist in the history of science
John 'Mad Jack' Fuller
the Bunsen burner
yes
diamagnetism
yes
Newington Butts
chemist and physicist
yes
Yes
Faraday
September 22, 1791
the Church of Scotland
Michael Faraday
no
modern electromagnetic technology
The Statue of David, completed by Michelangelo in 1504
yes
Yes
A fake biography based on real events that happened in Fillmore's life.
Before.
Yes
yes
yes
no
in a log cabin in Summerhill, New York
to Nathaniel and Phoebe Millard Fillmore
Abigail Powers
slavery issues
upon the death of the sitting president, Taylor
NULL
millard fillmore
1846
millard fillmore
yes
yes
no
yes
yes
yes
No, the language most spoken in Montreal is French.
No, Montreal's economy is the second largest of all cities in Canada.
Yes, the most popular sport in Montreal is ice hockey.
Montreal has two international airports.
Saint Joseph's Oratory is the largest church in Montreal.
The Sud-Ouest borough was home to much of the city's industry during the late 19th and early-to-mid 20th century.
Yes, Montreal contains the largest church in Canada.
Paris is the largest primarily French-speaking city in the western world.
Yes
Yes
No
About 3 million
1899
The United States Embassy
Over two hundred
3 million
Yes.
no
the Dutch
an arena in Uniondale, New York, USA
no
yes
yes
Nikola Tesla
Yes.
yes.
yes
no
yes
the tesla
Yes
AC
Nikola Tesla
the Austrian Polytechnic in Graz 
Yes
Yes
Yes
1931
Edison
Budapest
Yes
4
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
The Austrian Polytechnic in Graz
1928
Serbian, Czech, English, French, German, Hungarian, Italian, and Latin
No
No
Tesla
Yes, the octopus is a cephalopod.
Yes, the octopus has two eyes.
Yes, the octopus has a hard beak.
The octopus' mouth is at the center point of the arms.
There are around 300 recognized octopus species.
The octopus has four pairs of arms.
Octopuses can live from six months to five years.
In research experiments, octopus can be trained to distinguish between different shapes and patterns.
An octopus learned to solve mazes.
They can hide, flee, expel ink, or use camouflage.
yes
Yes
Yes, the octopuses in the less familiar Cirrina suborder have two fins and an internal shell.
Yes, octopuses have two eyes and four pairs of arms.
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Logging and lumber
the Ottawa 67's
the Ottawa Senators
Carleton Ravens
Yes
yes
yes
yes
eleven
Highway 417, The Queensway
Bytown
Ireland
Yes.
no
yes
no
13
a variety of fish and shellfish, as well as small land mammals and birds
30 kg (about 65 pounds)
a layer of air trapped in their fur(!)
They've been hunted for their fur
roadkill deaths
yes
13 species and 7 genera
yes
River otters eat a variety of fish and shellfish, as well as small land mammals and birds.
Sea otters (Enhydra lutris) live along the Pacific coast of North America. 
The word "otter" derives from the Old English word otr, otor or oter. 
give birth
Humans hunted them almost to extinction. 
The time of year associated with this is also associated with the Aquarius sign of the Zodiac, through which the sun passes January 20-February 19. 
Yes
Yes
No
fish
Holt
Poaching, habitat loss, and toxins in gold mining.  
A layer of air trapped in their fur.  
The slide down snowy slopes, apparently for sheer enjoyment.  
weasels, polecats, and badgers
Long guard hair
Otters
yes
yes
yes
yes
A holt
Shellfish and other invertebrates
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
holt
prey-dependency
yes
no
yes
Picasso.
1900
Yes.
yes
yes
Emperor Penguin
yes
when penguins slide on their bellies across the snow
for camouflage
no
half of their life
between 17 and 20 living species
they have brown rather than black plumage
yes
No
yes
Sphenisciformes
Emperor
1.80 meters
Their wings have become flippers
It conserves energy while moving quickly
Penguins
3 meters
Penguins' wings
They sometimes attempt to "steal" another chick.
Yes
Yes
In the water they are.
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
sostenuto pedal
36
damper pedal
in the Smithsonian Museum
transposing piano
yes
yes
yes
Studio pianos are around 42 to 45 inches tall.
Piano keys are generally made of spruce or basswood.
88 keys.
Upright pianos are more compact because the frame and strings are vertical.
no.
Many older pianos only have 85 keys.
Piano pedals from left to right: una corda, sostenuto, and damper.
On January 15, 1882 Renoir met the composer Richard Wagner at his home in Palermo, Sicily.
In 1887, a year when Queen Victoria celebrated her Golden Jubilee, and upon the request of the queen's associate, Phillip Richbourg, he donated several paintings to the "French Impressionist Paintings" catalog as a token of his loyalty.
Yes.
yes
Yes (any painting sells for more than $0 million though...)
no
Yes
Yes
2200 lb
5-15 cm
Mites or other parasites
The World Conservation Union listed polar bears as a vulnerable species, one of three sub-categories of threatened status, in May 2006. Their latest estimate is that 7 out of 19 subpopulations are declining or already severely reduced.
The polar bear diverged from the brown bear about 200 thousand years ago.
yes
yes
yes
Yes
300-600 kg (660-1320 lb)
1002 kg (2200 lb) 
It provides the animal with effective camouflage.
no
They gain double their weight.
Polar bears are nearly invisible under infrared photography.
A polar bear's skin.
Its think blubber and fur.
yes
It has adapted for life on a combination of land, sea, and ice.
yes
yes
No, Portuguese is not an official language of Andorra.
Yes, Portuguese is derived from Latin.
Yes, Portuguese contains words from the Arabic language.
There are small Portuguese-speaking communities in Macau and East Timor.
The two main groups of dialects are Brazil and the Old World.
The end of the Old Portuguese period was marked by the publication of the Cancioneiro Geral by Garcia de Resende.
Equatorial Guinea
335 million people
Macau
Portuguese is the co-official language with Cantonese Chinese in Macau.
Yes.
Yes.
yes
yes
no
yes
yes
September 3, 1971.
Doha
Doha Players Theatre
baladiyah
Carnegie Mellon University, Georgetown University School of Foreign Service, Texas A&M University, Virginia Commonwealth University, and Cornell University's Weill Medical College.
The British Protectorate (per Colonel Lewis Pelly) asking to negotiate with a representative from Qatar after Bahrain's violation of the 1820 Anglo-Bahraini Treaty.
On September 3, 1971.
Much of the country.
Qatar is aiming to become a role model for economic and social transformation in the region. Large scale investment in all social and economic sectors will also lead to the development of a strong financial market.
Yes
Yes
Qatar
Qatar.
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
41
Moldoveanu Peak
Romanian
Yes.
no
2
yes
yes
yes
Nadia Comaneci
Bucharest
Hungarians
eleven
Romania is a secular state
The Soviets threatened invasion.
2007
the remains (the lower jaw) of the oldest modern human
Yes
investments worth 400 million euros
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes.
Yes.
Petrograd and Leningrad.
The White Nights Festival.
apartments
Thousands of sculptures and statues.
railway
Peter the Great 
1942
yes
Kirov Stadium (now demolished) was one of the largest stadiums anywhere in the world, and the home to FC Zenit St. Petersburg in 1950-1993 and 1995.
The Leningrad Philharmonic Orchestra
The Siege of Leningrad
Yes
Yes
Yes
San Francisco has an estimated population of 808,976.
There is one state park in San Francisco.
San Francisco is in California.
The nearby San Andreas and Hayward Faults are responsible for much earthquake activity.
The city's poverty rate is 11.8% and the number of families in poverty stands at 7.4%, both lower than the national average.
Yes
yes
San Francisco Chronicle
a large hotel infrastructure and a world-class convention facility in the Moscone Center
California State Park system
Yes
Yes
Yes
The Chieftains and Loreena McKennitt
a Spanish Knightly order
Benito Santiago, Hugo Santiago, Joey Santiago, Liliana Santiago, Rafael Santiago Maria, Santiago Caballero, Santiago Cabrera; James, son of Zebedee
yes
no
no
More than 2.78 million people.
Orang Laut people lived around the coast, rivers and smaller islands.
One of three heavy rail passenger transport lines in Singapore.
Singapore has a tropical rainforest climate with no distinctive seasons.
6 days
Yes.
yes
lion
second century AD
Japan
The British were defeated in six days
yes
In 1990, Goh Chok Tong succeeded Lee as Prime Minister.
The primary domestic source of water supply in Singapore is rainfall.
The national language of Singapore is Malay.
Monaco
British East India Company
1959
NULL
British East India Company 
British
Singapore
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
No
yes
Yes, Uganda made Swahili a required subject in primary schools.
Kiswahili
yes
from dawn to dusk
sixteen
1886
Hausa
yes
yes
Yes
Cygnets
A stepmother transforming her children into swans for 900 years
Hamsa or hansa
The Mask and Mirror
Swan Lake
Yes
Yes
It is the largest bird of North America.
Cygnets
Old English swan.
The Ugly Duckling
Yes
Pen.
Completely black except for the white feathers on its wings
Yes
No
16,915.00
26
It was during the 20th century that a common, standardized national language became available to all Swedes.
In 1944.
Swedish pronouns are basically the same as those of English but distinguish two genders and have an additional object form, derived from the old dative form, as well as a distinct genitive case.
The lack of cases in Swedish is compensated by a wide variety of prepositions.
Yes
Yes
Yes
The Danshui River borders Taipei to the west.
Taipei 101 is a 101-floor landmark skyscraper.
Some annual festivals include Tomb-Sweping Day, the Dragon Boat Festival, the Ghost Festival, and the Mid-Autumn Festival.
Between June and October.
It's between June and October.
Taipei produces textiles, apparel, electronics, machinery, printed materials, precision equipment, food, and beverages.
Yes
Yes
Yes
28 East 20th Street in the modern-day Gramercy section of New York City
He started boxing
To deal with bullies
Bamie
that his children had been educated with other races and there was nothing wrong with it
They outraged.
No
yes
New York City
Lincoln was Roosevelt's presidential hero.
On January 6, 1919, Roosevelt died in his sleep.
Andrew Carnegie
yes
yes
No
Yes
No
They have the ability to pull down prey substantially heavier than themselves.
strike at the reptile's eyes with its paws
Good cover, close to water, and plenty of prey 
Yes
60 square kilometers
Yes
No
Yes
No
Ska, ska punk, classical, jazz, Rock, Blues, pop, polka, cuban music, mariachi and funk.
The B trumpet.
By blowing air through closed lips.
Somce trumpetes have a slide mechanism built in to compensate.
Yes
No
yes
no
yes
spherical
Every few years or more
air
they lay eggs
they do not break down
Pleurodira
yes
yes
three
Russian Tortoises
Triassic, Ernst Haeckel, Kunstformen der Natur, Animal
A female turtle
Papillae
Because of the way they withdraw their heads into their shells.
No
yes
Yes
Paracryptodira
Yolk
holes dug into mud or sand
Pleurodira
mud or sand
amnoites
eggs
all of them
yes
yes
yes
spherical
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes, eventually
yes
two
They are on the Seychelles and Galpagos Islands.
Turtles use their jaws to cut and chew food
yes
on land
Yes
Yes
yes
Florida
Yes
No
yes
Yes
Yes
Fred Dent
Point Pleasant, Ohio
Republican
Yes
He accepted the theory that it was designed to gain land open to slavery.
Grant
1868
Grant
Grant
yes
yes
no
yes
no
the Spanish
San Carlos, Maldonado
European immigrants
Cantegriles.
No.
Yes
Yes
Yes
By the Spanish, in the early 18th century
176,214 square kilometres
88%
For a military stronghold.
Twice. 
African women earns 0.65 * 0.718  = 46.67% of a European man earns in average
Yes
No
No
San Carlos, Maldonado
Roman Catholic, Protestant, Jewish
Partido Blanco and Partido Colorado
No
Montevideo
Its independence
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Van Gogh
Yes.
Yes
No
Yes
the Middle Latin word vitula
a luthier
four
different types of wood
from G3 to C8
Yes
Yes.
Yes.
Sheep gut.
Fiddle
Stringed instrument.
Luthier
Shape
Yes
Dave Matthews Band features violinist Boyd Tinsley.
1560
Yes
Yes, it is the smallest and highest-pitched member of the violin family of string instruments, which also includes the viola and cello.
Yes.
Yes.
No
Yes
No
Paris
December 28, 1856
Grover Cleveland
His confrontation with Andrew Fleming West
yes
yes
yes
Washington National Cathedral
University of Virginia
Staunton, Virginia
no
no
yes
Irish Americans
Yes
Yes
Wilson
Yes
Yes
Yes
yes
yes
no
Indonesia
by a bright, sharp tone and high register
yes
no
yes
Yes.
No.
Yes.
Percussion
In gamelan ensembles
Gourds.
The xylophone.
After.
no
yes
Yes
Three
mainly grass
Skins
semi-arid grasslands of Ethiopia and northern Kenya
Plains Zebra
5 or 6
The cerebrum
Iris
Melanin
Quadriceps
True
Keratin
The skin
Bone marrow
False (there are 206)
2
Larynx
Nostrils
Taste buds
Vertebrae
A double helix
Circulation
Ribs
The esophagus
True
Epidermis
9
Mercury
Venus
Earth
Mars
Jupiter
Uranus
Saturn
Neptune
Pluto
Mars
Saturn
Io
Saturn
more than 1000 tons
Earth
Earth
Charon
6378 Km
24 hours
Between Mars and Jupiter
Eros
the Oort cloud
30 million years
Kuiper Belt
year
Venus
176 Earth days
Phobos
Mars
Research your options and define your priorities. Contact the EducationUSA advising center nearest you and browse college search engines online. Check to see if the schools your are considering are accredited.
Colleges offer only undergraduate degrees while universities offer graduate degrees as well, but the terms are often used interchangeably.
In general, you must have completed high school and you must be at least 17 years of age.
The academic year usually runs from August through May with breaks for holidays. Most universities use either the semester system (two terms), the quarter system (students attend three out of four total terms), or the trimester system (three terms).
Undergraduate programs follow high school and lead to an associate (two-year) degree or a bachelor (four-year) degree. Graduate programs follow a bachelors degree and lead to a masters or doctoral degree.
Associate: a two-year program that either leads to a specific vocation or transitions to a bachelor program. Bachelor: a four or five-year program where students earn credits in a wide variety of courses.
Masters: two-year degree providing additional specialization. Doctorate: five to eight-year program certifying the student as a trained research scholar and/or professor.
Yes, but they are highly selective and require a heavy courseload across a total of six years of study.
In a joint-degree program, students begin a graduate program in their fourth year of college, earning both degrees upon graduation.
MBA programs typically last one to two years.
With permission of the International Student Office, international students may work on campus up to 20 hours/week their first year and can apply to work off-campus in subsequent years.
Essentially there is no difference.
Distance education occurs when a student and an instructor are in different places. Learning occurs by mail, telephone, internet, or by other means.
Yes. To find accredited online distance learning programs, please search the Distance Education Accrediting Commission website.
Yes, although you may lose some credits and require extra time to complete your degree.
You must fulfill the requirements of a freshman applicant, as well as any supplemental information required by the transfer institution.
Community colleges are typically state-supported and provide the first two years of a four-year undergraduate degree.
Community colleges offer lower costs, easier admission policies, close ties to state schools,and many of the required courses connected to a degree.
The transfer process varies for each school. It is best to target the four-year institution early and determine what is needed to transfer.
Search the U.S. Department of Education's Office of Post-secondary Education website to see if an institution is accredited.
For specialized program accreditation, see Accredited Institutions of Postsecondary Education, available from American Council on Education.
Refer to college and university guides to find which institutions are known for excellence in different fields of study.
U.S. universities require an English language proficiency test before admission to ensure you can read, write, and speak fluently.
There are a number of programs for English language study in the United States and online, as well as local possibilities.
It depends: Some degree programs are highly structured. Bachelors' degrees are very flexible and sometimes allow you to create your own program.
You do not declare a major until the end of you second year of school.
A liberal arts college offers courses in humanities, languages, math, social and natural sciences, and students take 25-50% of their courses in their major.
A liberal arts college offers a smaller setting and teaches critical thinking and communication skills necessary in an ever-changing job market.
A credit is a value assigned to each course which reflects the number of hours the class will meet with the professor each week.
Grade Point Average (GPA) is a numeric indicator for a student's academic performance, calculated on a scale of 4.0.
Letter grades indicate a student's academic performance. Each letter grade has a numeric value which is used to calculate a GPA, on a scale of 4.0.
Grades are typically determined by quizzes, midterms, final exams, papers, projects, class attendance, and class participation.
State universities are funded by the state and are generally larger and less expensive than private universities.
Contact the office responsible for international programs at your institution to ask if your school has exchange agreements with U.S. universities.
Each U.S. university will want to review an international student's subjects and may ask the student to contact a credential evaluation agency.
U.S. institutions cannot issue I-20 forms for non-degree study, including vocational training. Community colleges offer technical/vocational study for an associate's degree.
Attend the closest EducationUSA advising center's predeparture orientation. Then, when you arrive on campus, attend all orientation meetings scheduled at your college or university.
Few if any institutions will do this. Applications usually require a fee and take time to be processed, so pre-approval is generally not feasible.
Letters of recommendation can come from past professors, coaches, college advisors or professionals such as a manager or HR manager, etc.
probably not. For the most part, institutions expect you to reapply if you get accepted into a program but do not register.
It depends. Some institutions require it, some do not. If it is required, it might be conducted as a group interview for the potential cohort, instead of individually by candidate.
Yes. Federal financial aid requires that students take at least half of the normal course load to qualify. The actual number of courses/ credits depends on the institution and program.
The first step is determine your eligibility for the grad program to which you have applied. If you are accepted, your resume and cover letter help determine if you are shortlisted for assistantship, and usually an interview is one of the final stages before a decision is made.
Typically you wait until you are accepted into a degree program (usually need to be a full-time applicant) and then you can apply for federal (e.g. FAFSA), school and third-party organization scholarships, grants (e.g., TEACH grant), fellowships, loans, etc.
Courses might be offered in the evenings, weekends or specific seasons. This facilitates flexibility of schedules for students who cannot take the regular class offering.
Most institutions allow grad students to enroll part-time in at least some semesters. For an education degree, however, there may be some requirement for mandatory full-time sessions such as in a Summer semester.
Most programs start in the Fall, though the option to start in other semesters is possible. Talk to your grad advisor. If there is no course sequence to adhere to, the option is more likely.
Self-paced online courses offer schedule flexibility but may require more discipline to complete. However, they are typically designed to be the equivalent of their on-campus counterpart courses and so, in theory, should not take more effort.
While it helps, this is normally not necessary at the undergrad level. You can specialize at the masters level and gain the necessary knowledge then.
It depends on the state. Some states require no license at all. However, there may be certain requirements, including academic achievements, career plans, etc. average of around 4 months.
Bamboo
False - Captive mice live for up to 2 and a half years while wild mice only live for an average of around 4 months.
Arachnophobia
The tiger, weighing up to 300 kilograms (660 pounds).
True - They often sleep with their mouth open to cool down.
Yes
Cows
True
Antarctica
True
The cheetah (it can reach speeds of up to 120kph  75mph).
A female deer.
False - They are carnivores.
Prides
Yes
The elephant - The largest on record weighed around 12,000 kilograms! (26,000 lb).
False - Snakeskin is smooth and dry.
Africa
2
The Gorilla
A fish
Their spines of spiky hair.
True
A mare
Kids
The giraffe - The average height is around 5 metres (16ft) and the tallest on record stood nearly 6 metres (20 ft) tall.
True
Its mane
8
200 million years
Temperature
Clouds
USA
True
Snow
Wind
Warming
False (Al 'Aziziyah, Libya)
A meteorologist
The Atacama Desert
True
Hail stones
Snow
False (25.4 meters)
A barometer
Wind speed
-40 degrees
Forecasting
Alley
True
Artificial Intelligence is an area of computer science that emphasizes the creation of intelligent machine that work and reacts like humans.
Artificial intelligence Neural Networks can model mathematically the way biological brain works, allowing the machine to think and learn the same way the humans do- making them capable of recognizing things like speech, objects and animals like we do.
Artificial Intelligence can be used in many areas like Computing, Speech recognition, Bio-informatics, Humanoid robot, Computer software, Space and Aeronauticss etc.
Perl language is not commonly used programming language for AI
In AI, Prolog is a programming language based on logic.
Strong AI makes strong claims that computers can be made to think on a level equal to humans while weak AI simply predicts that some features that are resembling to human intelligence can be incorporated to computer to make it more useful tools.
Statistical AI is more concerned with inductive thought like given a set of pattern, induce the trend etc. While, classical AI, on the other hand, is more concerned with  deductive thought given as a set of constraints, deduce a conclusion etc.
Alternate Key: Excluding primary keys all candidate keys are known as Alternate Keys. Artificial Key: If no obvious key either stands alone or compound is available, then the last resort is to, simply create a key, by assigning a number to each record or occurrence. This is known as artificial key. Compound Key: When there is no single data element that uniquely defines the occurrence within a construct, then integrating multiple elements to create a unique identifier for the construct is known as Compound Key. Natural Key: Natural key is one of the data element that is stored within a construct, and which is utilized as the primary key.
The production rule comprises of a set of rule and a sequence of steps.
The depth first search method takes less memory.
Heuristic approach is the best way to go for game playing problem, as it will use the technique based on intelligent guesswork. For example, Chess between humans and computers as it will use brute force computation, looking at hundreds of thousands of positions.
A* algorithm is based on best first search method, as it gives an idea of optimization and quick choose of path, and all characteristics lie in A* algorithm.
A hybrid Bayesian network contains both a discrete and continuous variables.
Anything perceives its environment by sensors and acts upon an environment by effectors are known as Agent. Agent includes Robots, Programs, and Humans etc.
In partial order planning , rather than searching over possible situation it involves searching over the space of possible plans. The idea is to construct a plan piece by piece.
a) Add an operator (action) b) Add an ordering constraint between operators
Attachment is considered as not a desirable property of a logical rule based system.
In artificial intelligence, neural network is an emulation of a biological neural system, which receives the data, process the data and gives the output based on the algorithm and empirical data.
An algorithm is said completed when it terminates with a solution when one exists.
A heuristic function ranks alternatives, in search algorithms, at each branching step based on the available information to decide which branch to follow.
In a planning system, the function of the third component is to detect when a solution to problem has been found.
Generality is the measure of ease with which the method can be adapted to different domains of application.
A top-down parser begins by hypothesizing a sentence and successively predicting lower level constituents until individual pre-terminal symbols are written.
These are the two strategies which are quite similar. In best first search, we expand the nodes in accordance with the evaluation function. While, in breadth first search a node is expanded in accordance to the cost function of the parent node.
Frames are a variant of semantic networks which is one of the popular ways of presenting nonprocedural knowledge in an expert system. A frame which is an artificial data structure is used to divide knowledge into substructure by representing stereotyped situations. Scripts are similar to frames, except the values that fill the slots must be ordered. Scripts are used in natural language understanding systems to organize a knowledge base in terms of the situation that the system should understand.
FOPL stands for First Order Predicate Logic, Predicate Logic provides a) A language to express assertions about certain World b) An inference system to deductive apparatus whereby we may draw conclusions from such assertion c) A semantic based on set theory
a) A set of constant symbols b) A set of variables c) A set of predicate symbols d) A set of function symbols e) The logical connective f) The Universal Quantifier and Existential Qualifier g) A special binary relation of equality
In online search, it will first take action and then observes the environment.
RBFE and SMA* will solve any kind of problem that A* cant by using a limited amount of memory.
In Artificial Intelligence to answer the probabilistic queries conditioned on one piece of evidence, Bayes rule can be used.
For building a Bayes model in AI, three terms are required; they are one conditional probability and two unconditional probability.
While creating Bayesian Network, the consequence between a node and its predecessors is that a node can be conditionally independent of its predecessors.
If a Bayesian Network is a representative of the joint distribution, then by summing all the relevant joint entries, it can solve any query.
Inductive logic programming combines inductive methods with the power of first order representations.
The objective of an Inductive Logic Programming is to come up with a set of sentences for the hypothesis such that the entailment constraint is satisfied.
There are three literals available in top-down inductive learning methods they are a) Predicates b) Equality and Inequality c) Arithmetic Literals
Inverse Resolution inverts a complete resolution, as it is a complete algorithm for learning first order theories.
In speech recognition, Acoustic signal is used to identify a sequence of words.
Biagram model gives the probability of each word following each other word in speech recognition.
To solve temporal probabilistic reasoning, HMM (Hidden Markov Model) is used, independent of transition and sensor model.
Hidden Markov Models are a ubiquitous tool for modelling time series data or to model sequence behaviour. They are used in almost all current speech recognition systems.
The state of the process in HMMs model is described by a Single Discrete Random Variable.
Possible States of the World is the possible values of the variable in HMMs.
While staying within the HMM network, the additional state variables can be added to a temporal model.
In Artificial Intelligence, to extract the meaning from the group of sentences semantic analysis is used.
The process of determining the meaning of P*Q from P,Q and* is known as Compositional Semantics.
In Propositional Logic, Logical Inference algorithm can be solved by using a) Logical Equivalence b) Validity c) Satisfying ability
Unification process makes different logical expressions identical. Lifted inferences require finding substitute which can make a different expression looks identical. This process is called unification.
In Unification and Lifting the algorithm that takes two sentences and returns a unifier is Unify algorithm.
State space search is the most straight forward approach for planning algorithm because it takes account of everything for finding a solution.
First check the computer's power cord to make sure it is completely plugged into the wall socket.  
When your computer no longer responds to keyboard commands your best bet is to restart the computer. 
As with most computer errors, your first step is to shut down your computer and restart it. 
Make sure the monitor is on. If no power light (green or orange light) is seen on the monitor display try pressing the power button until it comes on.  
Disconnect the video cable going from the back of the computer and verify that no pins are bent, burnt or broken. Verify no speakers, fans or other magnetic devices are close to the monitor. 
Verify that the monitor is properly connected in the back of the monitor as well as to the back of the computer.  
If this occurs, the resolution can be changed back to the original setting or you can manually adjust the monitor. 
Users who have an optical mechanical mouse (most common mouse for desktop computers) are likely experiencing erratic behaviour because the mouse is not clean or is dirty.  
If you're running any version of Microsoft Windows and are encountering issues with the mouse wheel, first attempt to adjust the mouse settings through the Mouse Properties window. This window can be accessed by opening the Control Panel and double-clicking the Mouse icon. 
The keys on a keyboard are only clipped on, with a knife or other thin object, carefully pop the keys off, this will allow you to clean under the keys as well as cleaning the keys themselves. 
To get into the Windows 7 / 10 Safe mode, as the computer is starting up press and hold your "F8 Key" which should bring up the "Windows Advanced Options Menu". Use your arrow keys to move to "Safe Mode" and press your Enter key. 
Close all programs running on the computer and try again.  
If you are running Microsoft Windows 7, Windows 10, or a later version of Microsoft Windows, you are eligible to update Microsoft Windows, and in some cases, your computer hardware with the latest drivers through Microsoft's update site, visit http://windowsupdate.microsoft.com 
Users should not simply press the power button or restart the computer while Windows is still running unless there is an issue with the computer.  
Double click the recycle bin icon on your desktop, here you will see all of the files within your bin. Select the files you wish to recover, right click and choose restore. 
Verify that your computer is able to see the Internet and/or other computers to ensure that your computer is not encountering a connection issue, which would be causing your e-mail issue. Ensure that your Internet e-mail server or your Network e-mail server is not encountering issues by contacting either your Internet Service Provider or your Network administrator. 
If the e-mail box is full of other e-mail messages, and/or your storage space is only a few megabytes, it's possible that the attachment being sent cannot be received.  
Just like an Internet URL no spaces are allowed in an e-mail address.  
Your printer may be printing fuzzy, blurry, and/or other faint text because of dirty print heads.  
Turn off the printer. Inspect the location or tray the printed paper ejects to. If the stuck paper is visible manually remove it. Remove all paper trays and any paper that may be stuck between the tray and the printer. If the stuck paper is visible manually remove it. Open the printer door that allows you access to the printer ink cartridges or toner and look for any stuck paper. If the stuck paper is visible manually remove it. Turn the printer back on. 
Today all printer and other hardware manufacturers are providing downloads on the Internet to their software programs and drivers that are included with their products. 
Verify that the network cable is properly connected to the back of the computer. In addition, when checking the connection of the network cable, ensure that the LED's on the network are properly illuminated.  
Open Microsoft Explorer. From Explorer, click the Tools drop down menu and click the option "Map Network Drive." Specify the network drive or network computer as the folder.  
Right-click My Computer. Click Properties. In the Properties window, click the Computer Name tab. Within this tab you'll be able to see the full computer name, workgroup and also a description.  
A computer virus is a software program that has been intentionally created to cause a user grief, spread to other computers, or destroy data on an individual's computer. 
All versions of Microsoft Windows do not come pre-installed with a virus protection program. This includes: Microsoft Windows 7 and Windows 10. 
No. Computer viruses are software code designed to spread to computer files and other computers, delete files, and cause other problems with the data on the computer.  
If your computer is infected with a virus formatting or erasing the hard disk drive and starting over will almost always remove any type of virus.  
Microsoft Internet Explorer users can go to 'Tools' (or the little cog icon in the top left), then go to 'Safety' and choose 'Delete browsing history...', you can then choose to delete your Internet cookies. In Google Chrome, go to 'More Tools' and choose 'Clear browsing data...'. Firefox users can go to 'History', then choose 'Clear recent history...'. 
Fines may be levied by license holders against the individual, department, or institution of up to three times the full price of the software, for each instance where the software was illegally installed.  
For information about installing unsupported software, read: Installing Unsupported Applications on Your Workstation. 
To make software suggestions, contact 6-TECH at 336-256-TECH (8324)  
Not everyone has access to all of the same software. Because of budgetary rules, software which is bought with "student fee" money may only be used by units 
ITS is pleased to be able to offer a number of software titles for purchase at reduced rates to campus affiliates. For information on current offerings see the Software Purchases page. 
You do not need to download the software from the store every time you need to install it. 
You can access all the information related to your completed orders, including the product keys and activation codes, in the Your Account/Orders section of the WebStore. 
Just click "activate" when you are prompted. The serial number is embedded and you don't need to enter a new one, although it appears to prompt for one. 
The terms 32-bit and 64-bit refer to the way a computer's processor (also called a CPU), handles information. The 64-bit version of Windows handles large amounts of random access memory (RAM) more effectively than a 32-bit system.  
To install a 64-bit version of Windows, you need a CPU that's capable of running a 64-bit version of Windows. The benefits of using a 64-bit operating system are most apparent when you have a large amount of random access memory (RAM) installed on your computer, typically 4 GB of RAM or more. In such cases, because a 64-bit operating system can handle large amounts of memory more efficiently than a 32-bit operating system, a 64-bit system can be more responsive when running several programs at the same time and switching between them frequently.  
To find out if your computer is running a 32-bit or 64-bit version of Windows in Windows 7 or Windows Vista: Open System by clicking the Start button, right-clicking Computer, and then clicking Properties. Under System, you can view the system type. 
With an object server, the Client/Server application is written as a set of communicating objects. 
It is a system that performs a protocol translation between different electronic mail delivery protocols. 
It is a simple protocol used to exchange information between the routers. 
It is a set of rules defining a very simple virtual terminal interaction. The NVT is used in the start of a Telnet session. 
It is a sequence of IP addresses identifying the route a datagram must follow. A source route may optionally be included in an IP datagram header. 
It is a protocol used to advertise the set of networks that can be reached with in an autonomous system. BGP enables this information to be shared with the autonomous system. This is newer than EGP (Exterior Gateway Protocol). 
It is a protocol formerly used to exchange routing information between Internet core routers. 
With a transaction server, the client invokes remote procedures that reside on the server with an SQL database engine.  
With a database server, the client passes SQL requests as messages to the database server. The results of each SQL command are returned over the network.  
User interface, Business Logic and Shared data. 
Ubiquitous communications, Network OS extension, Binary large objects (BLOBs).Global directories and Network yellow pages. 
Triggers are special user defined actions usually in the form of stored procedures, that are automatically invoked by the server based on data related events. . 
Transparency really means hiding the network and its servers from the users and even the application programmers. 
TP-Lite is simply the integration of TP Monitor functions in the database engines. TP-Heavy are TP Monitors which supports the Client/Server architecture and allow PC to initiate some very complex multiserver transaction from the desktop. 
TP lite, based on stored procedures. TP heavy, based on the TP monitors. 
This new model of Client/Server consists of thin, protable, "universal" clients that talk to superfat servers. In the simplest form, a web server returns documents when clients ask for them by name. The clients and server communicate using an RPC-like protocol called HTTP. 
These are fully-loaded machines which includes multiprocessors, high-speed disk arrays for interview I/O and fault tolerant features. 
There is no commonly accepted definition for a TP monitor. According to Jeri Edwards' a TP Monitor is "an OS for transaction processing". 
They were originally introduced to run classes of applications that could service hundreds and sometimes thousands of clients. TP Monitors provide an OS - on top of existing OS - that connects in real time these thousands of humans with a pool of shared server processes. 
There is a many-to-one relationship between clients and server. Clients always initiate the dialog by requesting a service. Servers are passively awaiting for requests from clients. 
The triggers are called implicitly by database generated events, while stored procedures are called explicitly by client applications. 
The grouped SQL statements are called Transactions (or) A transaction is a collection of actions embused with ACID properties. 
The client,The server and Middleware. 
The client side building block runs the client side of the application and The server side building block runs the server side of the application. 
Transport stack, Network OS Service-specific middleware. 
Task preemption, Task priority, Semaphores, Interprocess communications (IPC) Local/Remote Interprocess communication. 
SQL is a powerful set-oriented language which was developed by IBM research for the databases that adhere to the relational model. 
RPC hides the intricacies of the network by using the ordinary procedure call mechanism familiar to every programmer.  
Resource Manager, Transaction Manager and Application Program. 
process-per-client Architecture. (Example: Oracle 6, Informix )Multithreaded Architecture. (Example: Sybase, SQL server) Hybrid Architecture. 
Non-GUI Client: These are applications, generate server requests with a minimal amount of man interaction. 
GUI Clients: These are applicatoins, where occassional requests to the server result from a human interacting with a GUI (Example: Windows 3.x, NT 3.5 
OOUI clients : These are applications, which are highly-iconic, object-oriented user interface that provides seamless access to information in very visual formats. (Example: MAC OS, Windows 95, NT 4.0) 
OOUI clients : These are applications, which are highly-iconic, object-oriented user interface that provides seamless access to information in very visual formats. 
Middleware is a distributed software needed to support interaction between clients and servers. In short, it is the software that is in the middle of the Client/Server systems and it acts as a bridge between the clients and servers.  
It waits for client-initiated requests. Executes many requests at the same time. Takes care of VIP clients first. Initiates and runs background task activity. Keeps running. Grown bigger and faster. 
It treats all processors as equal. Any processor can do the work of any other processor. Applications are divided into threads that can run concurrently on any available processor. 
It includes the communication stacks, distributed directories, authentication services, network time, RPC, Queuing services along with the network OS extensions such as the distributed file and print services. 
Database specific middleware,OLTP specific middleware,Groupware specific middleware. 
It imposses hierarchy and a division of labour among processors. Only one designated processor, the master, controls (in a tightly coupled arrangement) slave processors dedicated to specific functions. 
In the transaction server, the client component usually includes GUI and the server components usually consists of SQL transactions against a database.  
On your computer, go to Gmail.com. Enter your google account/phone number and password. If information is already filled in and you want to sign into a different account, click use another account.
On your computer, open Gmail. Click Settings on the top right. Click the inbox tab. In the "inbox" type section, select default. In the "Categories" section, check the tabs you want shown
On your computer, open Gmail. Click Settings on the top right. At the top, choose a settings page such as General, Labels or Inbox. Make you changes and save your changes at the bottom when done.
On your computer, open Gmail. Click Settings on the top right. Scroll down to desktop notifications section. Select New mail notifications on, Important mail notifications on or Mail notifications. Save your changes.
On your computer, open Gmail. Click Compose. In the bottom right window, click Turn on confidential mode (If already on, go to the bottom of the mail and click edit). Select an expiration date and passcode. If you choose "No SMS passcode", Gmail recipients will be able to open it directly. Non-Gmail Recipients will get emailed a passcode. If you choose otherwise, recipients will be sent a passcode by text message. Make sure you enter the recipients phone number and not your own. Click Save
In the top right corner, click settings. If you haven't updated gmail, click Try the new Gmail. Under "General" scroll down to smart compose. To turn on or off, Click to choose writing suggestions on or off.
To change a forgetting password, click on forgot password link and follow the recovery steps
The best source is the google help center. This provides online articles and troubleshooters that cover most everything you might need to know about Gmail. Next would be to enter your question in the Google Help Forum search bar. Where you can get answers to FAQs or answers from other google users.
If you are unable to log into your account, you will need to go to https://accounts.google.com/signin/recovery.There you will have one or more of the following options; Using a pre-configured recovery phone, Using a pre-configured recovery email or Prove ownership by answering questions about the Google account. "If Google couldn't verify you" it means you have not been able to prove account ownership and repeating the process will not help unless you can provide more accurate information. There are no other options for account recovery, and Google will not return an account unless you can prove ownership of it. If all three of the above fail then the account is probably lost.
If you are unable to log into your account, you will need to go to https://accounts.google.com/signin/recovery.There you will have one or more of the following options; Using a pre-configured recovery phone, Using a pre-configured recovery email or Prove ownership by answering questions about the Google account. "If Google couldn't verify you" it means you have not been able to prove account ownership and repeating the process will not help unless you can provide more accurate information. There are no other options for account recovery, and Google will not return an account unless you can prove ownership of it. If all three of the above fail then the account is probably lost.
Gmail ignores both dots "." and caps in both account creation and e-mail delivery.  That means first.last@, firstlast@, and First.Last@ all represent the same account.  If you receive e-mail intended for someone else then either the sender accidentally used the wrong e-mail address, or they were given the wrong e-mail address.
If you receive e-mail intended for someone else using an address with different characters or numbers in the address, it could be because your address is in the BCC field (very common for spam) or because the receiver made an error in auto-forwarding sending them to the wrong account.
In order to fully secure your account you must check both your Gmail account settings (Gmail Security Checklist) and your Google account settings (Account Security Checkup).
To change your Gmail password, use a browser to log into the Gmail web interface at https://mail.google.com/ then go to:  Settings -> Accounts -> Change Account Settings -> Change Password.
Pick a strong password including letters, numbers and other allowed symbols, and keep it just for Gmail - don't use it on other sites. 
To switch the account you are viewing, start by signing out of whatever account you are in, then go to https://mail.google.com/ and sign into the account you want to access. To sign in into another account you own in addition to the current one, click on your picture/avatar in the upper/right and select "Add account" from the drop-down panel.
The answer to this is dependent on when (less or more than 30 days) and why (by you or due to a compromised account) the messages were deleted.
If you are notified that your account has been disabled and you feel it is a mistake, a link will be provided under "Next steps for disabled accounts" where you may submit an appeal.
For all non-Google email accounts you must ask your other provider for the SMTP Server name, port number and security setting they require you to use, and enter that information in the set-up boxes. If your "other account" is only a forwarding address and has no entitlement to use an SMTP server, then you cannot set it up as a Send Mail As address in Gmail
To sync to your Google account when Sync Contacts is turned on, all contacts created on your phone must be tagged with the Google contact type. Some phones provide this as the default - others, notably Samsung, require you to select the Google contact type every time. If you do not do that, then the contact will only be saved on your phone, will not sync to your Google account, and will be lost if you reset your phone or change phones. 
Gmail recently enforced a higher security sign in procedure no longer using OAuth as the default access method. While developers have received warning from Google, not all e-mail clients and apps have been updated to use the new protocol. To allow your email client apps to continue to sign in to Gmail the old way, you need to turn on access for these "Less secure Apps" in your Gmail security settings.
Yes. You can do things like search on Google and watch YouTube videos that aren't age-restricted without signing in to a Google Account.
Yes. A Google profile is only necessary if you want to share publicly or engage with content on Google+. A profile helps you communicate with the people you know from a variety of Google products " for example, sharing driving directions from Google Maps or sharing a video from YouTube. Your Google profile lets you control the details you share about yourself, not only on Google+ but through services like Gmail and Web Search.
Yes, but you can choose how much or how little to share. The name is the only part of a profile that must be public. If you choose to share other information, such as interests, hometown or email address, you can decide who gets to see it. On your Profile and privacy settings page, you can change the information on your profile, as well as who can see what details. Learn more about sharing informationon Google+.
Your Gmail address and other contact information will not be public on your profile by default. If you want to share this information with others, you can share it with certain contacts or make it public by managing your profile settings.
Personalization on non-Google websites allows Google to tailor ads to you across the Web, based on your Google profile.
To help make sign-in easier and more personal, you may see a screen with your profile picture and full name when signing in to Google. We'll only show this information if you are signing in from a location or device you've signed in from before, like your home computer. Also, if you have multiple Google accounts (for example, personal and work), you can set up different profile pictures for each of your accounts to easily tell them apart. You can always change your profile photo if you want a different image to show, or you can remove your photo from profile settings if you don't want your profile picture to appear at all.
When you sign in to Google, you'll first enter your email address or phone number, and select Next. Then, you'll enter your password and select Next. If you're a 2-Step Verification user or signing in from a new device, you might be asked to complete additional steps to verify your identity. To help make sign-in more personal, you may see a screen with your profile picture and full name when signing in to Google. We'll only show this information if you are signing in from a location or device you've signed in from before, like your home computer.
Your Google Account username is your username across all of Google, including Gmail. You can sign in to any Google service with your Google Account username and password.
We'll use your new Gmail address to send you notifications from Google services. However, we may use your other email address to help you get back into your account if you lose your password, or for certain notifications such as if we suspect that your account has been compromised.
We like Gmail a lot, and if you try it out, we hope you will too! However, if you decide not to use Gmail, and instead want a different email address associated with your Google Account, you can cancel your Gmail address.
If you'd like to sign in with your current email address, you can always add an alternate email address to your account. That way, you can sign in to your Google Account with either your alternate email address or your primary Gmail address.
After you sign in to your Google Account, you'll stay signed in unless you specifically sign out. To sign in temporarily on a computer, phone, or tablet, you can browse privately.
Search History helps deliver more personalized search results based on your web activity, including your previous searches. When you sign up for a Google Account, Search History is automatically enabled. You can turn search history on or off at any time. To view, control, and delete your saved activity, visit My Activity.
Google search results are a reflection of the content publicly available on the web. Search engines can't remove content directly from websites, so removing search results from Google wouldn't remove the content from the web. If you want to remove something from the web, you should contact the webmaster of the site the content is posted on and ask him or her to make a change. Once the content has been removed and Google has noted the update, the information will no longer appear in Google's search results.
In some cases, yes. When you click on a search result in Google Search, your web browser also may send the Internet address, or URL, of the search results page to the destination webpage as the Referrer URL. The URL of the search results page may sometimes contain the search query you entered. If you are using SSL Search (Google's encrypted search functionality), under most circumstances, your search terms will not be sent as part of the URL in the Referrer URL. There are some exceptions to this behaviour, such as if you are using some less popular browsers. More information on SSL Search can be found here. Search queries or information contained in the Referrer URL may be available via Google Analytics or an application programming interface (API). In addition, advertisers may receive information relating to the exact keywords that triggered an ad click.
Normally updates happen in the background when you close and reopen your computer's browser. But if you haven't closed your browser in a while, you might see a pending update: On your computer, open Chrome. At the top right look at the menu Icon. If an update is pending the icon will be coloured (either green, orange or red). To update, click the menu icon, click update google chrome then relaunch.
If you're seeing some of these problems with Chrome, you might have unwanted software or malware installed on your computer; Pop-up ads and new tabs that won't go away, Unwanted Chrome extensions keep coming back, Alerts about virus or an infected device, Your browsing is hijacked, and redirects to unfamiliar pages or ads, Your Chrome homepage or search engine keeps changing without your permission. In the future, avoid these issues by only downloading files or visiting sites that you know are secure. To determine a secure site, look at the address bar of your browser. If it has a closed padlock icon then the site is secure.
If you sync a type of data, like history or passwords, deleting it on your computer will delete it everywhere it's synced. It'll be removed from other devices and your Google Account. On your computer, open Chrome. At the top right, Click the menu icon, click more tools, the clear browsing data. Choose the time range, like last hour or all time. Select the types of information you want to remove, then click Clear data
The Internet of Everything is the intelligent connection of people, process, data and things.
The Internet of Everything brings together people, process, data and things to make networked connections more relevant and valuable than  ever before - turning information into actions that create new  capabilities, richer experiences and unprecedented economic opportunity  for businesses, individuals and countries.
The “Internet of Everything” builds on the foundation of the "Internet of Things" by adding network intelligence that allows convergence, orchestration and visibility across previously disparate systems.
The explosion of new connections joining the Internet of Everything is driven by the development of IP-enabled devices, the increase in global broadband availability and the advent of IPv6.
Some important considerations in the Internet of Everything include privacy, security, energy consumption and network congestion.
The network plays a critical role in the Internet of Everything – it must provide an intelligent, manageable, secure infrastructure that can scale to support billions of context-aware devices.
The Internet of Everything represents the business opportunity that the new brand campaign addresses. It is not the company vision or tagline.
There is plenty of room for improvement.Smart watches: A recent HP study revealed security and privacy issues in all of the top 10 smart watch brands. Issues include lack of transport encryption, automatic connectivity to any Bluetooth device within range, and problems with lock down screens. Smart home systems: These systems show many problems, including not encrypting data and having weak password policies. Smart TVs: Some brands leave data vulnerable in transit. For example, in 2015, researchers discovered some Samsung smart TVs were sending unencrypted voice recognition data and text information.  All of these connected devices share data with mobile phones and tablets and are often programmed to automatically connect to any Bluetooth or Wi-Fi network. And, anytime a device is connected to a "public" network, there are risks involved (e.g., data theft and sabotage). This automatic connection feature makes these devices vulnerable when connecting to any "public" network.
Lack of understanding and devotion to good security protocols.Many IoT devices lack the computing power of a desktop or laptop computer, or other higher-end devices, which makes it difficult to implement strong security. A cultural divide exists between InfoSec professionals (those concerned with keeping the communications between devices secure), and mechanical and electrical engineers (those concerned with the switches, motors, etc., making sure the devices operate). InfoSec as an industry needs to do a better job of reaching out to build relationships with the engineers, and better demonstrate the value of security more effectively to bridge that cultural divide.
The security industry can do this in several ways, but it starts with recognizing the problems and then providing better education about the solutions. In most cases, the technology is available and just needs to be implemented. For example, SSL/TLS provides strong and scalable encryption at the scale that the IoT demands. Sophisticated, managed PKI systems can handle strong identity vetting and provide reliable data encryption across all objects and devices within IoT deployments. A PKI solution should be the standard for IoT. The security industry needs to help vendors understand the risks associate with poor IoT security. First, we need to present information from the point-of-view of an end-user. Second, organizations need to be made aware of the financial impact of poor security: lowered sales, diminished trust in their brand, or even health and safety risks when healthcare devices, critical infrastructure, and national defense are included in the conversation. Simple protections can be put in place that notify end-users to set up controls over Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity, enabling lock screens, and other basic security functions.
An organization needs to choose a Certificate Authority partner that is trusted and can scale effectively to meet their IoT requirements.
During manufacturing the private key is placed directly on the device by its own cryptographic library, or by a hub/controller as close to the device as possible.
Scripting OpenSSL to create certificate signing requests (CSRs) based on a few pieces of input could be done with less than 10 lines of code.
It can range from 50 to 1,000 lines of code across the various devices that need encrypted communications.
Typically, it is stored on the device using Operating System (OS) access controls; otherwise, it's stored in a FIPS-compliant HSM.
Yes, the private key can be stored in hardware.
No, the private key should be stored on-device.
SCEP, EST, RESTful API (JSON or XML).
The device is seeded during manufacturing or during the device enrollment process.
Ideally, the IoT provider uses a crypto engine on device to create the private key, making sure to use a strong random number generator to create the private key.
The IoT provider use the same process as was initially used to seed the device.
Revocations are managed through an online interface/API call. The revocation must be submitted for a specific serial number or certificate ID.
The device management console should set access rules and controls for systems, devices, certificates, and their connections.
The customer uses authenticated and/or signed messaging to and from devices based on the current trust status of certificates in use on those systems.
Certificate expiration lengths are based on the project needs.
Yes, certificates can be automatically provisioned and enrolled.
Signing verification is straightforward, so probably less than 200 lines of code (given necessary libraries are present).
This would depend on the communication method and available libraries, but for something like MQTT, probably less than 200 lines of code.
Interoperability between various wireless and networking standards is still an issue and something that forums and standards bodies are trying to address.
It already is having an impact. A recent report from Gartner says there will be 4.9bn connected things in 2015, rising to 25bn by 2020.
IoT is not about a single algorithm. There are literally thousands of algorithms that are in common use. It all depends on what you want to do. A relatively simple IoT application may end up using dozens of algorithms. A good book to get a feeling is the classic by Knuth titled: The Art of Computer Programming.
Theoretically, IPV6 has enough address space to allow IoT devices to be covered by a common construct, providing a path to consistency and inter-operability. That does not mean that each IoT node is on the internet, and some deployments are architected to aggregate IoT nodes using non-IP protocols at an internet gateway. There is a very wide range of opinions on how to do this and is part of the learning curve.
There are solutions in the IoT landscape that are not very data intensive: it could be as little as one bit (is something on or off). On the other hand, it could be astronomical: think of a high-resolution camera that is producing a streaming video where you record all the bits, and then think of many such cameras producing data at the same time. Think of a major satellite system such as NASA's EOS (Earth Observing System) that has high-resolution instruments streaming high-resolution data.
There is no monolithic IoT. A single instance may consume a small fraction of a watt. A single cloud rack in an IoT Data Center might consume 30-60KW. Meanwhile, a large robot or autonomous machine like an agricultural combine may consume more than 100KW. The aggregate in power consumption from 50 billion IoT devices might be considerable! A good exercise is to go through and compare IoT power usage to other sources of consumption.
Security is recognized as a challenge. Regulatory bodies are mandating that security or privacy must be built in from the scratch - but that's hardly realistic. My own view is that we are on a learning curve and security is one of the items we have to conquer - that does not mean it will impede deployment, but it will impact design and applications especially for critical functions.
It will have quite an impact because it will dictate where the infrastructure is located, as well as who has access to it. The ability to do things from anywhere at any time will be restricted. It is an example where non-technical issues have real consequences.
I suspect that IoT will change the nature of financial services profoundly. You can think of an ATM machine as an early precursor. Over time, many aspects of financial services, from payment systems to the use of blockchain ledgers, will be mainstream.
You might control some functions in a home. It might be heating and cooling, maintenance for appliances, security, looking after the garden, etc.
If you have a good background and are adept at systems thinking, you will get your pick of what's available. IoT is not a bad area to grow your career.
Standardization is very important for adoption, for scale, and consequently for cost structure. Some of the standards bodies don't pay enough attention to the needs of developing nations, so it is crucial to have venues where technology can be localized to take into account practice, customs, markets, and economics at the right level.
BlockChain are centralized as well as decentralized as opposed to the popular belief that BlockChains are decentralized. Private or centralized BlockChain mechanism has restricted entry to make changes to the ledger whereas in public or decentralized BlockChain anybody can have access to the ledger(Bitcoin, Ripple etc.)
Merkle Tree is used to verify the transaction in the quickest time and less space complexity.
When a transaction occurs in a BlockChain the first step is to hash each transaction in the memory pool using SHA256.These hashes are then placed into a Merkle Tree (hash tree).The hashes of transactions are grouped into two and then concatenated result is hashed again until the tree is formed.
Hash at the top of the tree is called the Merkle root.The Merkle Root of this hash tree is placed into the block's header along with the hash of the previous block and a random number called a nonce.The block's header is then hashed with SHA256 producing an output that will serve as the block's identifier.
ECDSA is a cryptographic algorithm used by Bitcoin to ensure that the legitimacy of the transaction.It works on the principle of ECCDLP (elliptic curve cryptography discrete logarithmic problem) which means it is easy to go from A'>B but almost impossible to go from B'>A i.e ECC is a trapdoor function.
ECC and RSA both algorithms work on the principle of asymmetric encryption.In asymmetric encryption, there is a public key for encryption and private key for decryption. ECC is better than RSA because it provides equivalent security for a much lesser key size which makes ECC faster and more secure.As for equal key size, ECC would be more secure than RSA.
A ledger is typically a database.The blockchain is a shared public ledger on which the entire Bitcoin network relies. All confirmed transactions are included in the blockchain. This way, Bitcoin wallets can calculate their spendable balance and new transactions can be verified to be spending bitcoins that are actually owned by the spender.
Ledgers can be centralized or decentralized depending on public or private BlockChain.
A distributed ledger is a database that is spread across several nodes or computing devices which are in layman terms the miners who run the algorithm on their computing devices. Every node copy and saves an identical copy of the ledger. Each participating node of the network updates itself independently.
The most striking feature of distributed ledger technology is that the ledger is not maintained by any central authority. Updates to the ledger are independent and done by each node. The nodes then vote on the update(transaction) to ensure that the majority agrees with the conclusion. This voting and agreement on one copy of the ledger is called consensus and is executed by a consensus algorithm.
BlockChains are only a form of distributed ledger technology. Every distributed ledger doesn't use a chain of blocks to provide a secure and valid distributed confidenceA BlockChain is distributed and is managed by peer-to-peer networks. Since it is a distributed ledger, it can exist without a centralized authority or server managing it, and its data quality can be maintained by database replication and computational trust. 
The structure of the BlockChain makes it distinct from other kinds of distributed ledgers. Data on a BlockChain is grouped together and organized in blocks. The blocks are then linked to one another and secured using  ECC cryptography. 
A quorum is the number of nodes required to reach agreement within a system. FBAs instead use "quorum slices". A quorum slice is a subset of a quorum, which can convince another specific node to agree.
Segment Tree is a basically a binary tree used for storing the intervals or segments. The underlying principle behind this data structure is to store certain values of ranges as a balanced binary tree and hence query and update can be performed efficiently. 
Diffie-Hellman is an algorithm used to exchange a secret key between two parties. It is used in symmetric encryption algorithms like AES
Boxes are linked backward to the previous block in BlockChain.Genesis block is the first block of the BlockChain.A block can never have more than one parent block.
import math import sys def convert(example):var3=[]for i inexample:i=i.lower() var3.append return var3 P=input("Enter the Message") x=convert(P) print(x)
def multiplicative(e, phi): d = 0;x1 = 0;x2 = 1;y1 = 1;temp_phi = phi;while e > 0:temp1 = temp_phi/e temp2 = temp_phi " (temp1 * e); temp_phi = e;e = temp2;x = x2-(temp1* x1);y= d "( temp1 * y1);x2 = x1;x1 = x;d = y1;y1 = y;if (temp_phi ==1):return d + phi;
A ledger is used purely for the reporting of cash.
Consensus, provenance, immutability, and finality.
An unregulated censorship resistant shadow currency.
Technical services, business services, and solution.
Tamper-proof
Business rules implied by the contract embedded in Block Chain.
Cannot be modified, are added to the ledger with appropriate confidentiality and are endorsed by a subset of business network participants.
A more efficient transaction processing system across a business network.
An identifiable business network or business problem to be solved or the need for trust.
A limited scope and/or a smaller business network and/or scalable project that can grow participants and scenarios.
In its simplest form, burning a token means making the token permanently unspendable. There are a few ways of doing this, such as sending the tokens to a bogus address (an address with no known private key) so that the token is no longer usable.
A contract address can never be accessed directly (no private key). If I write a contract, I can add a function that if the contract receives ethers that came not through a function (for example a deposit()-function) but were directly paid, that those ethers get returned to the payer. But if I do not add such a repay-/revert- function, the ethers would be lost in the wallet forever. They then can not even be accessed by the contract owner.
Never do the inconsistent naming Use the latest version of the solidity compiler. Consider using Solidity's require the function to express preconditions concisely. Try to keep the gas cost low as possible. Do the unit testing of the smart contracts using the Mocha Framework.  Try to use the "self-destruct " function at the end of the smart contract.
ERC20 token is a set of standards that are defined in the Ethereum, they consist of 5 functions and 2 events that help the transfer of tokens and listening to events.Most of the ICOS are using the ERC20 token as a standard token.There have been several improvements in the ethereum network also known as EIPs which have increased the functions of tokens.
MyEtherWallet runs an Ethereum node, and enables RPC on that node. This allows the client-side web3 library to connect to their node, and request information such as balance, or submitting signed transactions.Further wise they make use of a library called ethereumjs-wallet, which allows you to convert a private key to an address (which is then used to request balances), and a library called ethereumjs-tx which can sign raw transactions with private keys.
Using IPFS is almost definitely the right approach, as writing data to the BlockChain is usually prohibitively expensive. Having stored the data in IPFS and got the hash back, you can read the data using ipfs.cat(document_hash).If you want to put a document in storage, you can convert it to bytes then store the bytes on the BlockChain, but you don't want to do this. Putting documents in the event logs may be somewhat less impossible but don't.
If you want to send ethers to smart contract you should define a payable function it could be the fallback function.otherwise, you will get an error.
Ropsten test network, Kovan test network, Rinkeby test network.
Generally we use the REMIX IDE which is present online, or we can use the Truffle for the development and testing of smart contracts.
BlockChain is a distributed ledger, which has a shared database based on consensus algorithm.
POW ( proof of work ) which bitcoin uses, POS ( proof of stake), DPOS ( Delegated proof at stake).
Hash functions take any string of fixed size ( 256 bits in this case ) and generate a fixed size alphanumeric string
