How many regions are in Ghana?
Who is the president of Kenya?
What is the favorite food for people in Ashanti region of Ghana?
What is the name of the king of the Asantes?
What cash crop does Ghana export?
What is the primary occupation in Ghana?
Which country is the leading producer of cocoa in Africa?
Who is the minister of Food and Agriculture in Ghana?
What is crop rotation?
What is a cash crop?
What is arable farming?
What is the dominant native language in Ghana?
What is the current population of Ghana?
What is the capital city of Ghana?
Where is golf mined in Ashanti Region?
Ghana is in which part of Africa?
What is the southest point in Ghana?
Which year did Ghana gain independence?
Which region in Ghana has the largest population?
What is the world population in 2018?
Whic is the richest country in the world?
Whic food nutrient is in cooked yam?
Whic food nutrient is in fried meat?
Whic food nutrient is in groundnuts?
Whic type of vitamins helps blood clotting?
Whic type of vitamins helps scurvy?
Whic is the largest ethnic group in Ghana?
Whic people celebrate Homowo festival?
Whic city in Ghana has the largest population?
How many religions are in Ghana?
Where are cattle dominantly reared in Ghana?
How many lakes are in Ghana?
Which country is Ashesi University found?
How many countries are in Africa?
What is the most popular name for mini commercial vehicles in Ghana?
Which professionals work in the hospital?
Which people are always on the pitch when one goes to the stadium?
What is the new terminal opened in Accra?
Which is the richest country in Africa?
Which transport company is the mostly popular in Accra and Kumasi?
Which dam supplies electricity to Ghana?
Which country colonised Kenya?
When did Kenya gain its independence?
What is the capital city of Kenya?
Which continent is Kenya in?
4Does the equator pass through Kenya?
Which countries does Kenya border?
What is the current population of Kenya?
Which is the oldest city in Kenya?
Which is the secold largest city in Kenya?
Is Kenya part of the African Great Lakes region?
Who was the first president of Kenya?
Who was the second president of Kenya?
Who was the third president of Kenya?
Who is the current president of Kenya?
How many presidents has Kenya had since independence?
Who is the comander in chief of the Kenya Defence Forces?
What is largest source of foreign exchange revenue in Kenya?
What is second largest source of foreign exchange revenue in Kenya?
What percentage does agriculture constitute the GDP in Kenya?
What percentage does manufacturing constitute the GDP in Kenya?
6How many airports does Kenya have?
Where does the largest share of Kenya's electricity supply comes from?
What is Kenya's GDP?
What is Kenya's annual growth rate?
What are three main cash crops exported from Kenya?
What percentage of Kenya's population is below 30 years?
What is the largest native ethnic group in Kenya?
What is the official language in Kenya?
Which is the main religion in Kenya?
which is the second largest religion in Kenya?
what is the total fertility rate in Kenya?
what education system does Kenya use?
How many years is primary school education in Kenya?
How many years is secondary school education in Kenya?
who is the best know author from Kenya?
who is the top artiste in Kenya?
what sports is Kenya known for?
where does Kenya get its name from?
what is Kenya's staple food?
Which is the best high school in Kenya?
What does AJAX stand for?
What does JSON stand for?
What does HTML stand for?
What does PHP stand for?
What does CSS stand for?
What does SQL stand for?
What does CMS stand for?
What are some examples of Content Management Systems (CMSs)?
What does ASP stand for?
what does XML stand for?
what does XSL stand for?
what does XSLT stand for?
what does HTTP stand for?
what is Java?
what is XM
what is AS
what is Python?
what is AngularJS?
what is Bootstrap?
What is JSON?
What is Node.js?
What is AJA
What is HTML?
What is JavaScript?
What is CSS?
What is jQuer
What is SQL?
What is PHP?
What is an RSS feed?
What is ReactJS?
What is React Native?
What is VueJ
What are HTML attributes?
What is responsive web design
What is HTML5?
What does DOM mean?
What is a relational database?
What is a non-relational database?
What is Wordpress?
What is SQL injection?
How quick was the fastest goal in soccer?
What is the name of the physical location where soccer is played?
How many players are on a soccer pitch at every point in time?
How can I become a referee?
What is a Penalty in Football?
Where was the original 2014 world cup's ball produced?
What's the most goals scored in a world cup match?
12Did America coin the term "soccer"?
What is the Australian national soccer team called? 
Who was the youngest ever professional soccer player?
When was the first soccer game televised?
What was the first soccer game televised? And what teams played?
On average how far do soccer players run in a match?
How many minutes are played in a normal soccer game?
Does the Vatican have its own soccer team?
Does FIFA have more member countries than the United Nations?
What is FIFA?
When was FIFA founded?
Where is the headquarter of FIFA?
How many member countries does FIFA have?
Where did the first world cup take place? 
How many teams participated in the first world cup?
Who won the first world cup? 
What is the UEFA Champions League?
When was the UEFA Champions League founded? 
Who's the top scorer in the World Cup?
Who holds the record for top scorer in a single World Cup?
Who was the first team to win the Champions League?
Who wrote the UEFA Champions League anthem?
Who scored the fastest goal in the UEFA Champions League?
What is the biggest win in a World Cup Qualifying game?
What national team has the most world cup trophies?
Who is the oldest player to win the world cup?
Has any team participated in all world cup competitions? 
Who scored the fastest hattrick in the UEFA Champions League?
Has any team won the world cup back-to-back?
Which teams have won the world cup as a host?
Who is the most regular world cup scorer?
Which player has the most appearances in the world cup?
Who is the oldest player to score at the world cup?
When is the best time to buy a new car?
16Is there a "three day right to cancel" when buying a car?
16Is the dealer invoice price the real dealer cost on new cars?
16Is leasing cheaper than buying?
What is a good lease deal? 
What is the condition of your vehicles?
Can I order a used car?
Can I have an Independent inspection performed?
What types of parts are you able to order and install?
How often should I have my brakes serviced?
How can I figure out what’s wrong with my vehicle
What are some winter driving tips?
How can I be a more environmentally-friendly driver?
How important is car maintenance?
Is buying a used car better than buying a new one?
Can you lease used cars?
Are used cars reliable?
How are used cars priced?
17Are used cars taxed?
How must extra fuel is burned when using air conditioning?
18Does putting extra air in the tires help a car cope with carrying extra weight?
18Should you turn your car off when stopped for extended periods?
How long should you warm up an engine before winter driving?
Are today's cars really better than the ones built in the 1950s?
Does it matter where you buy gasoline?
Why is test driving a car important?
How important is car maintenance?
How do I know when I need an oil change?
Why do I need regular oil changes?
My car won't hold a straight line without corrections from me. Is something wrong?
What is CarFax?
What is a trade-in value?
Should I sell my car myself or trade it in?
When is the best time to buy a car?
How important is vehicle maintenance?
WHERE DO YOU BUY YOUR VEHICLES?
What are the advantages to leasing a car?
Should I be concerned about the quality of pre-owned cars?
Who can write a dealer review?
WHY IS MY CHECK ENGINE LIGHT ON? WHAT IF IT’S BLINKING?
What food is the leading source of salmonella poisoning?
What company first condensed soup in 1898?
What nutty legume accounts for one sixth of the world's vegetable oil production?
What country saw the cultivation of the first potato, in 200 A.D.?
What type of lettuce was calledCrispheaduntil the 1920s?
What tree gives us prunes?
What type of chocolate was first developed for public consumption in Vevey, Switzerland in 1875?
What added ingredient keeps confectioners' sugar from clumping?
What edible comes incrimmini, morel, oyster and wood ear varieties?
What newly-imported substance caused the first major outbreak of tooth decay in Europe, in the1500's?
What fat substitute got FDA approval for use in snack foods, despite reports of diarrhea and cramps?
What ingredient in fresh milk is eventually devoured by bacteria, causing the sour taste?
What uncooked meat is a trichina worm most likely to make a home in?
What baking ingredient, sprayed at high pressure, did the U.S. Air Force replace its toxic paint stripper with?
What staple is laced with up to 16 additives including plaster ofparis, to stay fresh?
What falling fruit supposedly inspired Isaac Newton to write the laws of gravity?
What method of preserving food did the Incas first use, on potatoes?
What deli sandwich topped Dateline NBC's list for total fat content - a Reuben,BLT ortuna salad with mayo?
What drupaceous fruit were Hawaiian women once forbidden by law to eat?
What hit the market alongside spinach as the first frozen veggies?
How many sizes of chicken eggs does the USDA recognize, including peewee?
What are de-headed, de-veinedansorted by size in alaitrammachine?
What's the only fish that produces real caviar, according to the FDA?
What type of egg will yield 11 and one-half average-sizeomelettes?
What's the groundnut better known as?
What crystalline salt is frequently used to enhance the flavor to TV dinners?
What sticky sweetener was traditionally used as an antiseptic ointment for cuts and burns?
What should your diet be high in to lessen the chance of colon cancer, according to a 1990 study?
What nut do two-thirds of its U. S. producers sell through Blue Diamond?
The rice dish paella comes from what country?
Deer meat is known by what name?
Are humans omnivore, herbivore or carnivore?
What food is used as the base of guacamole?
The range of vegetables, fruits, meats, nuts, grains, herbs and spices used in cooking are known as what?
Which country is the worlds largest producer of bananas?
What is the sweet substance made by bees?
Lures, reels, rods, hooks, baits and nets are common equipment used in what food gathering method?
In how many countries around the world does McDonalds have restaurants?
The Pizza Hut franchise began in what country?
Foods rich in starch such as pasta and bread are often known by what word starting with the letter C?
True or false? Trans fats are good for your health.
What is another name for maize?
Fruit preserves made from citrus fruits, sugar and water are known as what?
True or false? Beefsteak is a variety of tomato.
Dairy products are generally made from what common liquid?
Do coconut trees grow better in cold or warm climates?
True or false? Cooking food often transforms its chemical makeup.
What is the popular food used to carve jack-o-lanterns during Halloween?
Chiffon, marble andbundtare types of what?
What is the most widely eaten fish in the world?
51. Who invented the telephone?
Which nail grows fastest?
What temperature does water boil at?
Who discovered penicillin?
What Spanish artist said he would eat his wife when she died?
Who wrote Julius Caesar, Macbeth and Hamlet?
Who wroteLazarillode Tormes?
What did the crocodile swallow in Peter Pan?
Where was Lope de Vega born?
Who did Lady Diana Spencer marry?
Where is Mulhacen?
How many states are there in the United States of America?
Which river passes through Madrid?
Which German city is famous for the perfume it produces?
Who did Prince Rainier of Monaco marry?
What year did the Spanish Civil War end?
When did the First World War start?
What did JosephPriesleydiscover in 1774?
Where is the smallest bone in the body?
Which is the only mammal that cant jump?
What does the roman numeral C represent?
Whatcolouris a panda?
What nationality was Chopin?
Whats the best known artificial international language?
Who lived at 221B, Baker Street, London?
Who cut Van Goghs ear?
Where did Salvador Dali live?
Who painted the Mona Lisa?
How many dots are there on two dice?
What horoscope sign has a crab?
In which shop can you buy books in England?
Where does the British Prime Minister live?
How long is the compulsory military service in England?
When did the Second World War end?
What are the first three words of the bible?
How many children has Queen Elizabeth the Second got?
Whats the real name ofSiddarthaGautama?
Whats the name of the famous big clock in London?
Where was Christopher Columbus born?
When did the American Civil War end?
What did the 7 dwarves do for a job?
Who painted the Sistine Chapel?
Who wrote La Colmena?
Name a famous detective who smoked a pipe and played the violin.
Who said E=mc2 ?
Which planet is nearest the sun?
Where are the Dolomites?
Whats the capital of Kenya?
Which is the largest ocean?
Whats the capital of Honduras?
What does USA stand for? 
How many states is United States composed of? 
What is the capital city of United states? 
Which is the world's oldest surviving federation 
A citizen of the United states is called? 
The first inhabitant of North America migrated from? 
How many people are in the United States? 
How old is America? 
Who won the 2016 presidential election in the United States? 
Who discovered America? 
What percentage of Americans voted in 2016? 
When was slavery abolished in USA? 
Is Puerto part of the United States? 
How many gold medals does USA have? 
Is United states of America a country? 
How many aircraft carriers does the United States have? 
Whats the country code for America? 
When did America become a country? 
How many time zones are in the US? 
Which country recognized America as a country 
Independence Day was first established as a holiday by congress in what year? 
Which year did Texas become a state? 
Who was the first president to live in the white house? 
Which battle was the turning point of American Revolution? 
Which year did the US stock market face the black Monday? 
Name the tax which was imposed on the goods in the country 
Name the first cash crop of America 
Which European language was first spoken in the United States? 
In what year did English become the official language of America? 
What is the name of the first American Constitution? 
How many blacks has become the President of America? 
In which year was the first commercial flight of America scheduled? 
Which treaty forced Britain to recognize united states as an independent nation? 
Who was the first president of United states to appear on television? 
Who was the 16th president of the United States? 
Which state was formally not admitted in the Union of the US? 
When was the last amendment made in the constitution of America? 
Which city of America firstly used electricity for the street lights? 
Which year was the American constitution written? 
Who coined the word New England? 
Which President gave the shortest inaugural speech 
Name the oldest city of the United States 
Who was the last man to sign the declaration of independence? 
Name the Oldest elected president of America 
Who was the first president to be born in the United States? 
Where was the republican party founded? 
Name the America's worst national disaster 
Name the first American space station 
Name the first carrier of Typhoid in the united states 
Which area was hit by the deadliest hurricane of US? 
What is "serverless"? Where can one learn more about it, and how it can be used today?
Whatisthe AWS Serverless Application Repository?
What is AWS Lambda?
What is AWS SAM CLI?
Which languages does AWS SAM support?
How much does AWS SAM cost to use?
How do I install AWS SAM CLI?
Is AWS SAM open-source?
How do I manage serverless applications deployed to my account?
Can I charge a fee for serverless applications I publish?
Why use serverless computing?
Where is Azure Support available?
What is a break-fix issue?
What is the Azure free account?
What happens once I use my $200 free credit or Im at the end of 30 days?
How do I know how much of the $200 Ive used and how much I have left?
Can I apply any of my $200 credit towards Azure Marketplace offers?
What if I still have questions?
Can I use my Azure Hybrid Benefit within the Azure free account?
Do I have to pay something after 30 days?
What are my support options?
Where can I find pricing information?
I'm developing a library or tool for Cloud Storage and I want to sell it on the Internet. Is this okay?
Can I use Cloud Storage with my G Suite account or Cloud Identity domain?
How do I get started with using Cloud IAM?
Can I purchase support plan for one of my services or for multiple accounts?
Could I cancel Alibaba Cloud Support subscription?
How to get support from Alibaba Cloud?
Who could use Alibaba Cloud support? And do you speak my language?
Is the cloud secure?
Do NSF and NIH fund cloud computing?
What can I do with a Cloud Server?
What if I mess up my Cloud Server?
Can I buy extra storage?
Can I run a firewall on my server?
Where are your APIs?
Are security groups supported via the neutron client?
Is there a default security group that gets applied to my instances?
Are security groups supported forOnMetalusers?
Can you resize an instance's CPU or RAM while it is running?
Can you add a local SSD volume to an instance?
Can you mount an additional volume on several servers at the same time?
Can I try before I pay?
Can I setup a load balanced Umbraco Cloud site?
Can I choose which Azure Region my projects run in?
I would love to useWebsocketson my site. Is this possible?
WhoisAWS?
Who isOrbitera?
In which regions is FileMaker Cloud available?
What is a user?
Can I pair HomePod with Apple TV?
Can i play apple music on the home pod and iphone at the same time?
The HomePod isn’t available in New Zealand yet. If I buy it in Australia and bring it back to New Zealand will it still work properly?
Can it play Spotify without going through AirPlay?
Can I use a homepod, or a pair, in place of a soundbar, or as a subwoofer for Sonos or other soundbar? Will it play stereo audio from my tv?
Can I buy a home pod from America and use it in Hong Kong?
Will HomePod access music from other services such as Spotify, Pandora and Amazon Music?
Will HomePod play Sirius XM?
Can you pair AirPods with the HomePod
Can a HomePod be set up as a default speaker for a Mac
If I buy the US version will it work in other countries which use a different voltage?
Can multiple icloud accounts be used with HomePod?
Will HomePod work with an iPhone SE?
can i make calls on homepod
Will it be compatible with nest/hive/hue/tplink etc
What home automation technologies is this compatible with?
Can you play the homepod without wifi?
Will I be able to play audio iBooks through the HomePod?
Does this have to be plugged in to use or does it have a rechargeable battery?
Do I need to subscribe for Apple music or with HomePod I get the subscription free?
Can HomePod play Dab radio?
Can I connect more than one HomePod with each other?
can I ask it to dial or answer the iphone for me?
iPhone 6 pairing with HomePod?
Is the HomePod cord hardwired in?
Will the HomePod allow me to voice control my Apple TV.
Can I connect my MacBook Air to the HomePod?
I currently do not have Internet... will this work with out it?
Can HomePod play music from Safari?
Will the HomePod be able to stream audio from my Apple TV?
My iPhone iPod MacBook and HomePod are on the same shelf. I say “hey Siri” who answers?
Is the HomePod waterproof?
What is the Apple HomePod?
What can it do?
What is the touchpad for?
Can It Detect Multiple Voices?
Does It Work Over Bluetooth?
Can I Connect HomePod To My Cable Box or My Console?
Does It Support Multi-Room Audio?
How do I know when Siri is recording?
How do I use Alexa?
What happens when I speak to Alexa?
Is Alexa recording all my conversations?
Can I review and delete my voice recordings?
How are my voice recordings used?
How do my voice recordings improve Alexa?
How do Alexa skills work?
How does voice purchasing work?
Can I turn off voice purchasing?
What are the return and cancellation policies for products and content I order using Alexa?
How do voice donations work?
What is a kid skill and how do I give or revoke permission to use kid skills?
How does Alexa work with smart home devices?
How does automatic voice recognition and voice profiles work?
What is Alexa Calling and Messaging?
What devices support Alexa Calling and Messaging?
How does Alexa messaging work?
How does Alexa calling work?
Can I text or call emergency services using Alexa Calling and Messaging?
How do I add contacts for Alexa Calling and Messaging?
Do I need to give permission for others to call or message me?
Who will receive my calls or messages?
What is Do Not Disturb mode?
How do I remove messages from my conversation list?
How do I de-register from Alexa Calling and Messaging?
What is Drop In?
When someone drops in on my device, what do they hear and see?
What is a recently active indicator?
How do I disable Drop In?
What are Announcements?
Can I link third-party communications services with Alexa Calling and Messaging?
How do I use Alexa on Fire TV devices? 
How do I know when my Fire TV device is streaming my voice to the Cloud? 
How do I activate Alexa hands-free on my Fire tablet?
How does Alexa hands-free on my Fire tablet recognise the wake word?
How do I know when Alexa on my Fire tablet is streaming my voice to the Cloud?
How does Alexa hands-free on my Fire tablet work when I lock my tablet with a passcode?
How does Alexa know to turn on the screen when my Fire tablet is in Show Mode?
How do I know when Alexa on my Fire tablet is streaming images or video to the Cloud?
How can I turn off Alexa hands-free?
How do Echo devices recognise the wake word?
How do I know when Echo devices are streaming audio to the Cloud?
Can I turn off the microphones on Echo devices?
How do Echo devices with a screen know to turn on the screen?
How do I know when Echo devices with a camera are streaming images or video to the Cloud?
Can I turn off the camera on Echo devices with a camera?
What do I need in order to use Echo Connect?
How does calling on Echo Connect work?
What's the difference between Alexa Calling and Echo Connect?
I have an Echo Connect but also use Alexa Calling. How will my call to an Alexa contact be processed?
Can I call emergency services with Echo Connect?
What devices does Bixby support?
Can I customize Bixby's name?
Does Bixby support Incognito mode?
Do I need Wi-Fi or mobile data to use Bixby?
Can I change the language of Bixby?
What is Open Trivia?
Can I change the speaking style of Bixby Voice? 
Which functionalities are supported by Bixby Voice?
How do I see my last conversations with Bixby?
How do I know when Bixby is listening?
How do I know when Bixby is listening?
Can I set a reminder every time my Bixby Home Card is updated?
How can I Reset my Bixby?
Is my personal data safe with Bixby?
What is Bixby Home, and how does it cater to users individual needs?
What is Bixby Home, and how does it cater to users individual needs?
What languages can Bixby Vision translate?
Who are some of Bixby Visions current retail partners?
Does Bixby get smarter the more I use it?
What can I do to make sure that Bixby Voice hears me clearly?
Do I need to be in a quiet area in order for Bixby Voice to hear me?
What languages and dialects does Bixby understand?
What are Quick Commands in my Bixby?
Will using Bixby eat up my mobile data, and is it possible to use it overseas?
What is Bixby Vision, and how does it work?
How much does Bixby cost?
Where is Bixby available?
How does Bixby make money?
How do I make Bixby Understand me?
How to Adjust Bixby Voice Volume?
Change the Language and Voice Style?
How to set the new Bixby Wake-Up Command.?
Can I play music and use Bixby at the same time?
Under what conditions can Bixby Voice be limited or unavailable?
What is new about Bixby?
How does the Interactive text in Bixby work?
How different is the new Bixby from the old one?
Is there any other way to use Bixby other than speaking?
How do you link Bixby and Spotify together?
What is Bixby Labs about?
What is Bixby on my Samsung phone?
How do I get rid of Bixby?
How do I set up Bixby voice?
Is Bixby like Siri?
What does Bixby app do? 
How to setup Bixby voice
How to use Bixby Home
What does Samsung Bixby do?
How different is Bixby from the other digital assistances?
What are the four main features new Bixby offers?
What is Google Home Mini?
How to setup Google Home Mini?
Does a Google Home Mini purchase in the U.S. work in India?
How to update Home Mini firmware?
How to Check the Home Mini firmware version?
My Home Mini is running on the Old Firmware. How can I update it to the latest version?
Can I make Voice calls using Home Mini in India?
Can I use Home Mini without a smartphone?
Can I play the Music stored in my phones internal storage on Home Mini?
How to change Home Minis volume using my phone?
How can I link my Netflix account to Google Home Mini?
How to connect Home Mini to Bluetooth speakers?
How does Gmail in G Suite differ from free Gmail?
Can a user have multiple email addresses?
Can I migrate my existing email to G Suite?
How does Google keep my information secure and prevent unauthorized access to my data?
Does G Suite meet my compliance requirements?
Is G Suite HIPAA compliant?
How does Google respond to government requests for data?
Does Google encrypt my data?
Do I need to use third-party tools to keep my data secure within Google?
My organization is subject to EU data protection requirements. Can I use G Suite?
Can I move my old email, calendar events, and contacts to G Suite?
Will I experience email downtime during the transition? 
Will this transition affect my current website? Can you host my website?
Can I use my own domain with G Suite? If I dont have an existing domain, what should I do?
Can someone set up G Suite for my company?
Can I manage mobile devices with G Suite?
Can I manage multiple domains with G Suite?
Can I grant administrative privileges to other users?
Can I control users access to certain features or services?
What is the difference between G Suite and Googles free apps?
Can I purchase individual G Suite apps?
Can I replace my current software with G Suite?
What is the difference between G Suite and Googles free apps?
Can I purchase individual G Suite apps?
Can I replace my current software with G Suite?
What are the differences between G Suites editions?
Does G Suite have a free trial?
How do I purchase G Suite?
How do I cancel my trial if I decide not to purchase G Suite?
What is the cost to setup and migrate to G Suite?
What forms of payment does Google accept?
Can I pay for a full year of G Suite up front rather than monthly?
What constitutes a user in terms of pricing?
If I plan to create email aliases for groups, does that alias count as a user I have to pay for? How many aliases can each user manage?
Is a domain included as a part of G Suite?
Does Google accept multiple currencies?
Does Docs work offline?
Can I share Docs files externally?
Can I convert my existing documents into Docs?
Was Abraham Lincoln the sixteenth President of the United States?
Did Lincoln sign the National Banking Act of 1863?
Did his mother die of pneumonia?
How many long was Lincoln's formal education?
When did Lincoln begin his political career?
What did The Legal Tender Act of 1862 establish?
Who suggested Lincoln grow a beard?
When did the Gettysburg address argue that America was born?
Did Lincoln beat John C. Breckinridge in the 1860 election?
Was Abraham Lincoln the first President of the United States?
Did Lincoln start his political career in 1832?
Did Lincoln ever represent Alton & Sangamon Railroad?
Which county was Lincoln born in?
When did Lincoln first serve as President?
Who assassinated Lincoln?
Did Lincoln win the election of 1860?
Who was the general in charge at the Battle of Antietam?
Why did Lincoln issue the Emancipation Proclamation?
Do scholars rank lincoln among the top three presidents?
Did lincoln have 18 months of schooling?
Was Lincoln chosen as a presidential candidate in 1860?
How old was Lincoln in 1816?
When was the first photgraph of lincoln taken?
How long was Lincoln's legal Career?
Did Lincoln's Wife's Family support slavery?
Volta became professor of physics in the Como high school in what year?
Is it true that volta became professor of physics?
Is it true that volta entered retirement in spain?
When did he become professor?
What did Alessandro Volta invent in 1800?
Is Volta buried in the city of Como?
Was Volta an Italian physicist?
Is Volta buried in the city of Pittsburgh?
Did Volta have a passion for the study of electricity?
What is the battery made by Volta credited to be?
What important electrical unit was named in honor of Volta?
Where did Volta enter retirement?
Was Lombardy under Napoleon's rule in 1800?
Was the Italian 10.000 lira banknote created before the euro?
What was Alessandro Volta`s profession?
Is the electrolyte sulphuric acid?
Is volta buried in the city  of Como?
Was his 1800  paper written in French?
Before 1796, was Lombardy ruled by Austria?
Did he receive the Society`s 1794 Copley Medal?
Did he experiment with individual cells?
When did lombardy come under Napoleon`s rule?
Where did he publish his invention of the Voltaic pile battery?
Did he become professor of experimental physics at the University of Pavia?
Is it true that Volta's passion was always the study of electricity?
Volta's passion been always the study of what?
Is it true that Volta married the daughter of Count Ludovico Peregrini?
Is it true that he published his invention of the Voltaic pile battery?
Who is most noted for his contributions to the theory of molarity and molecular weight?
Who graduated in ecclesiastical law at the early age of 20 and began to practice?
When did he publish another memoria?
When did he become a professor?
Is it true that he became a professor in 1820?
Was Lorenzo Romano Amedeo Carlo Avogadro an Italian savant?
Was Amedeo Avogadro born in Turin August 9th 1776 to a noble ancient family of Piedmont, Italy?
Is he most noted for his contributions to the theory of molarity and molecular weight?
Was King Victor Emmanuel III there to pay homage to Avogadro ?
Is Avogadro 's number commonly used to compute the results of chemical reactions ?
Did the scientific community not reserve great attention to his theory ?
Can the title of this famous 1811 paper be roughly translated into english?
What happened in 1833?
Was Amedeo Avogadro Italian?
Did Amedeo Avogadro graduate?
Did Avogadro live in England?
Where was Avogadro a professor of physics?
How many children did Avogadro have?
What is Avogadro most noted for?
What is Avogadro's number?
What subject did Avogadro study first?
What was Amedeo Avogadro`s birthplace?
What was Amedeo Avogadro`s profession?
What is Amedeo Avogadro`s first name?
What is Amedeo Avogadro`s last name?
Was Amedeo Avogadro born in North America?
Was King Victor  Emmanuel  III there to pay  homage  to Avogadro?
Is avogadro `s  number commonly used to compute  the results  of chemical reactions?
Did Avogadro submit his poem?
Is it true that loschmidt calculated first the value of Avogadro number?
Hence , can relative molecular masses be calculated from the masses of gas samples ?
Can the title of this famous 1811 paper be roughly translated into English as "essay on determining the Relative Masses of the Elementary Molecules of Bodies" ?
What is Amedeo Avogadro?
Where is Amedeo Avogadro from?
Who determined the dependence of the boiling of water with atmospheric pressure?
What is named after him?
When did he publish a collection?
Is it true that he published a collection in 1738?
Is it true that thermometer had 100 for the freezing point?
Was Celsius born in Uppsala in Sweden?
Was Anders Celsius (November 27, 1701 April 25, 1744) a Swedish astronomer?
Is The Celsius crater on the Moon named after him?
Who was the first to perform and publish careful experiments aiming at the definition of an international temperature scale on scientific grounds ?
The Celsius crater on the Moon is what?
Is the Celsius crater on the Moon named after him ?
Had his thermometer 100 for the freezing point of water and 0 for the boiling point ?
Was Celsius born in Uppsala in Sweden ?
Is the Celsius crater on the Moon named after him ?
Did he not determine the dependence of the boiling of water with atmospheric pressure -LRB- in excellent agreement with modern data -RRB- ?
What happened from 1730 to 1744?
What happened in 1745?
What did Anders Celsius determine about the boiling of water?
Which temperature scale did Celsius propose?
What is the boiling point of water dependent on?
Where was Celsius born?
What is the difference between Celsius' original temperature scale and the one we use today?
What was Anders Celsius`s profession?
What is Anders Celsius`s last name?
Was celsius born in Uppsala  in Sweden?
Is The Celsius  crater  on the Moon named after him?
Was Anders Celsius  ( November 27 ,  1701  April 25 ,  1744  ) a Swedish  astronomer?
Was Anders Celsius the first  to perform  and  publish  careful experiments  aiming at the definition  of an international  temperature  scale  on scientific grounds?
Was he professor at Uppsala University?
Is it true that he published a collection of 316 observations?
He published a collection of what?
Can syllables begin with a vowel in arabic?
Have many European languages borrowed numerous words from Arabic?
The sociolinguistic situation of Arabic provides a prime example of what?
Is a bee an insect?
Are bees related to ants?
Have managed populations of European honey bees experienced substantial declines?
Where do bees live?
When do bumblebee colonies reach peak population?
What do people commonly call cleptoparasitic bees?
How did vespoid wasps evolve?
What do humans use bees for?
Why do honey bee queens continue to lay eggs during the foraging season?
Are beetles insects?
Can beetles be found in polar regions?
Do beetles antennae function primarily as organs of smell?
What are the three sections of a beetle?
Which defense mechanism uses colour or shape to deceive potential enemies?
Which type of beetle is a pest of potato plants?
Which type of beetle is a pest of potato plants?
How can beetle larvae be differentiated from other insect larvae?
What do beetles eat?
What are the similarities between beetles and grasshoppers?
Are certain species of beetles considered pests?
Is a beetle's general anatomy uniform?
Are beetles endopterygotes?
How many species of beetles are there?
When are sperm cells transferred to the female?
What is the study of beetles called?
Is it possible that there are more than 350,000 species of beetles?
Do carrion beetles eat dung?
What are prey of various animals including birds and mammals?
What was given by Aristotle for the hardened shield like forewings?
Who or what vary greatly in form within the coleoptera?
Are many beetles territorial?
Are beetles endopterygotes with complete metamorphosis?
Is there a thriving industry in the collection of beetle specimens for amateur and professional collectors ?
Have coleopterists formed organisations to facilitate the study of beetles ?
Is the study of beetles called coleopterology?
May a single female beetle lay from several dozen to several thousand eggs during her lifetime ?
Can beetles be found in almost all habitats?
Does Beijing mean "northern capital"?
Are the caves of Dragon Bone Hill near the village of Zhoukoudian in Fangshan District?
Are hutongs disappearing?
When was the An Shi Rebellion launched?
In 1949, where did Communist forces enter without a fight?
Where does air pollution in Beijing come from?
What is the name of a university (or similar institution for imparting higher education) in Beijing?
Are famous middle  schools  in Beijing :?
Is Berlin the capital city of Germany?
Is Berlin the largest city in Germany?
Is Schloss Charlottenburg the largest existing palace in Berlin?
Which building is the site of the German parliament?
Which two sports events did the Olympiastadion host?
Where is the Berliner Dom located?
Which Berlin building did architect Norman Foster remodel in the 1990s?
Why is Vattenfall shifting towards reliance on cleaner, renewable energy sources?
What are the names of the two zoos in Berlin?
Is Berlin the headquarters of Springer?
Does the Gendarmenmarkt border the French Cathedral?
Is the Nauen plain north of Berlin?
Where is the bust of Queen Nefertiti?
Where does the German President live?
When did Berlin give up its status as a free Hanseatic city?
Which is the busiest airport in Berlin?
How many occupation zones was Germany divided into after the war?
Where was Popkomm held before moving to Berlin?
Was Blaise Pascal a mathematician of the first order?
Has the name Pascal been given to the SI unit of pressure?
From what did Pascal suffer throughout his life?
What did Pascal argue was as perfect as possible?
What is the best physician?
Who was the eldest sibling?
Aside from the Provincial Letters' religious influence, were they popular as a literary work?
Of whose continual poor health was the cause never precisely determined?
Was Pascal a French mathematician?
How old was Pascal when he lost his mother?
Who was Pascal's younger sister?
What led Pascal to his religious conversion?
Is there a programming language called Pascal?
When did Pascal father die?
Was he a child prodigy who was educated by his father, a civil servant?
Was Pascal's earliest work in the natural and applied sciences where he made important contributions to the construction of mechanical calculators, the study of fluids, and clarified the concepts of pressure and vacuum by generalizing the work of Evangelista Torricelli?
Did Pascal also write in defense of the scientific method?
Do butterflies make sounds?
Do butterflies have two eyes?
Does a black moth mean that someone has died?
What is the outer layer of the cuticle made of?
Where was there a vast swarm of butterflies?
What butterfly is migratory?
Do butterflies carry more pollen than Hymenoptera?
What allows the butterfly to evade predators?
What happens if a wing is removed?
Was Calvin Coolidge the twenty-ninth vice president?
Was Calvin Coolidge born in Plymouth, Windsor County, Vermont?
Did Coolidge graduate from Black River Academy?
When did he drop John from his name?
When did Coolidge meet and marry Grace Anna Goodhue?
What period of rapid economic growth did the United States experience during Coolidge's presidency?
What did Coolidge do after graduating from Amherst?
Of what state was Coolidge governor?
Who appointed Harlan Fiske Stone to the Supreme Court?
Was Coolidge the thirteenth President of the United States?
Was Calvin Coolidge Republican?
Was Calvin Coolidge a governor of Massachusetts?
When was Coolidge born?
Where did Coolidge's grandfather had government offices?
Is Calvin Jr. older than John Coolidge?
Did Coolidge get in Amherst College?
What caused Calvin Jr.'s death?
Was John Calvin Coolidge Jr. was born in Las Vegas?
Did Coolidge meet and marry Grace Anna Goodhue?
What year did Coolidge open his own law office?
What year did Coolidge open his own law office?
What fraternity was Coolidge a member of?
In 1905 Coolidge met and married whom?
Why did Coolidge not attend law school?
Have there been other US presidents that have visited Cuba?
What years were Coolidge's two sons born in?
Did France cede nearly all of its colonies in Europe in 1763?
Is Canada a member of the OECD?
Is Canada's official language Zulu?
What is one significant non-official language?
In addition to Port Royal, where else did Samuel de Champlain establish a S08_settlement?
What was the Consitution Act formerly called?
Which countries established colonies in Canada?
How has Canada helped UN peacekeeping efforts?
Is Canada bilingual?
Did Canadian soldiers win the Battle of Vimy Ridge in 1917?
Is an official language of Canada German?
How many provinces and territories does Canada have?
Where is the most densely populated part of Canada?
What is the largest religious group in Canada?
When did Canada have one of the largest armed forces in the world?
European books and maps began referring to this region as Canada in what year?
What was Canada's most important industry until the 1800s?
Is it true that provinces have a large degree of autonomy?
What did Canada adopt in 1965?
What arrived in Britain?
Are Canada 's two official languages English and French ?
Are Canada 's official national sports ice hockey ( winter ) and lacrosse ( summer ) ?
Is Canada a geographically vast and ethnically diverse country ?
Is it the world 's second largest country by total area?
Is the violin cello a bowed string instrument?
Is the purfling just for decoration?
Are the z-holes used as access points to the interior of the cello? 
What does violincello mean?
What are the two materials that bows are made of traditionally? 
What is used to tune a cello?
Which harmonics can produce any notes above middle C? 
Who referred to the cello as basso de viola da braccio"?
Where is the violincello held?
Is there cello in performances by Rihanna?
Are cellos constructed with glue?
Is the cello a stringed instrument?
What is cello an abbreviation of?
What is a person who plays the cello called?
Why is there purling on a cello?
When did the first educational works appear for the cello?
What cello manufacturer should I buy from if I want to play outside?
Was Charles-Augustin de Coulomb a member of the National Institute?
Did Charles-Augustin de Coulomb find any relationship between electric charges and magnetic poles? 
Was Charles-Augustin de Coulomb's father's family in Montpellier? 
Where did Charles-Augustin de Coulomb die?
Where did the construction of Fort Bourbon take place?
What is the definition of the electrostatic force of attraction and repulsion? 
Did Charles-Augustin de Coulomb live to be 80 years old?
Was The SI  unit  of charge , the  coulomb , named after him?
Was coulomb born in Angoulme,  France ,  to a well  to do  family?
Was his father ,  Henri  Coulomb , inspector of the Royal  Fields  in Montpellier?
Is coulomb distinguished in the history  of mechanics  and  of electricity and  magnetism?
Was Charles Augustin  de Coulomb  ( born  June  14 ,  1736 ,  Angoulme ,  France  -  died August 23 ,  1806 ,  Paris ,  France  ) a French  physicist?
Does Coulomb leave a legacy?
When was Charles-Augustin de Coulomb born?
Did he publish an important investigation of the laws of friction?
Was Coulomb born in Angoulme, France, to a well to do family?
Coulomb discovered an inverse relationship of what?
Is it true that coulomb leaves a legacy as a hero?
Where is Charles-Augustin de Coulomb from?
Are The modern Chinese dialects more like a family?
Is it true that one-fifth of world population speak some form of Chinese?
One-fifth of world population speak some form of what?
Are all spoken varieties of Chinese tonal and analytical?
Is fifty percent or more of Korean vocabulary of Chinese origin?
What is the most common romanization standard for Standard Mandarin today?
What does the PRC government classify as literacy amongst workers?
How is South China linguistically different from North China?
What is the standardized form of spoken chinese?
Is diglossia a common feature in mainland China and Taiwan?
Do linguists often view Chinese as a language family?
When did classical Chinese literature begin?
How does the government of the People's Republic of China often refer to all divisions of the Sinitic language(s) besides Standard Mandarin?
When was Middle Chinese used?
How is the pronunciation of foreign words determined?
What is the total number of Chinese words?
What language was used in the Zhou and Southern Dynasties?
Copenhagen is the capital of what country?
What transnational bridge was completed in 2000?
Why is Copenhagen a regional hub?
What happened to Copenhagen between 1251 and 1255?
Is Copenhagen completely surrounded with water? 
Copenhagen is ranked number one worldwide for which things?
Why did German troops occupy Copenhagen?
Is a cougar also known as a mountain lion?
Are cougars larger than jaguars?
How long are cougar adult males (from nose to tail)?
How long is an adult cougar's paw print?
What are the three heaviest cats in the world?
On average, are cougar males heavier than females?
What are the three cat species that are native to Canada?
Have cymbals been used historically to suggest bacchanal?
Can the origins of cymbals be traced to prehistoric times?
Are cymbals used in moden orchestras?
What are the most common Cymbals?
What is the second main orchestral use of cymbals?
What have clash cymbals traditionally been accompanied by?
What happens when the center of a Cymbal is hit?
What is an effective way to accentuate a note?
From what type of Cymbals can a expert player obtain an enormous dynamic range?
Can the origins of cymbals be traced back to prehistoric times?
Did the modern hi-hat evolve from clash cymbals?
Is the word cymbal derived from a Germanic word?
What is the center of a cymbal called?
What part of the cymbal gets the best "crash"?
What is the second main orchestral use of cymbals?
What two instruments form the modern drum kit?
What Greek mythical creatures were depicted holding cymbals?
What are orchestral crash cymbals technically called?
Is one of the parts of a cymbal called a disc?
Are ride cymbals very common?
Does Fender make cymbals?
What part of the cymbal is the bell?
What are cymbals made of?
How many cymbals typically go in a drum kit?
What kinds of musical groups use cymbals?
Is Dhaka the capital of Bangladesh?
Is Dhaka located on the eastern banks of the Buriganga River?
Is University of Dhaka the largest public university in Dhaka?
Did the Mughals arrive in Dhaka?
Is University of Dhaka older than the Dhaka College?
Is the drum a member of the percussion group?
Does each type of drum head serve its own musical purpose?
Is the Aburukuwa a type of drum?
How long has the basic design of the drum remained unchanged?
What is the second biggest factor affecting the sound produced by a drum?
Is the drum a member of the percussion group?
Are drums often used in music therapy?
Do drums consist of at least eight membranes?
What has the most effect on how a drum sounds?
Who constructed a kit using diatonic and chromatically tuned drums?
Has the design of drums changed recently?
Does every drumhead make the same sound?
Do many such drums have six to ten tension rods?
Do drums consist of at least one membrane, called a drumhead or drum skin, that is stretched over a shell and struck, either directly with parts of a player's body, or with some sort of implement such as a drumstick, to produce sound?
Have other techniques been used to cause drums to make sound, such as the ``Thumb roll''?
Are ducks in the Arctic Northern Hemisphere migratory?
Is a drake a male duck?
Do all ducks "quack"?
Who is Daffy Duck?
What makes it more difficult for a diving duck to fly?
What are the reasons for hunting wild ducks?
Do ducks forage underwater?
Is foie gras often made from ducks?
What economic uses to ducks have?
What kind of ducks feed on land?
What unrelated water birds are ducks sometimes confused with?
What does the word duck mean?
What are some common predators of ducks?
How does a Mallard's tongue work?
Are diving ducks heavier than dabbling ducks?
Are adult ducks fast fliers?
Are ducks an accepted presence in some populated areas?
What types of unrelated water birds with similar forms are ducks sometimes confused with?
Why are ducklings particularly vulnerable?
What are some economic uses for duck?
What allows a duck to filter water out of the side of their beaks and keep food inside?
What expression is part of a conceptual framework for testing computer systems?
Where did the expression "a sitting duck" come from?
Is the electric eel a true eel?
Are most eels predators?
Is eel blood toxic to humans?
How many species of true eels are there?
Where is smoked eel considered a delicacy?
How do eels begin life?
Do all eels live in fresh water?
Is Egypt bordered by the Gaza Strip?
Is Egypt the most populated country in Africa?
Does Egypt have political influence in the Middle East?
When was the Six Day War?
What religions has Egypt outlawed?
What is the poulation of Egypt?
Why does most of Egypt's population live near the Nile?
Are there a large number of Jews living in Egypt today?
During what period was Akhenaten a Pharaoh?
Is Egypt in Asia?
Does Egypt receive the least rainfall in the world?
Does Egypt's foreign policy operates along moderate lines?
Since when has Egypt been a republic?
When were the Great Sphinx and the Pyramids of Giza built?
What countries border Egypt?
What is the estimated population of Egypt?
Does snow fall in Egypt?
Does snow fall in Egypt?
When did organized agriculture appear in the Nile Valley?
Are elephants the largest land animals alive today?
Can an elephant kill a rhinoceros?
Are elephants good swimmers?
How many living species of African Elephants are there?
How long may elephants live?
How many living species of Asian Elephants are there?
How much do elephants weight at birth?
What did Aristotle say about elephants?
Are elephant populations in West Africa generally small and fragmented?
Is the Asian elephant larger than the African?
Is an elephant's skin tough?
How do elephants communicate over long distances?
When do African elephants lie down?
How long is the elephant's gestation period?
How many species of African elephants have been proposed?
What are the elephant's ears important for?
What land animal has the largest brain?
Are elephants mammals?
Have elephants been used as working animals?
Do they prefer forested areas?
What part of an elephant is very important for temperature regulation?
Where was the largest elephant ever recorded shot?
Is an Asian elephant smaller than an African elephant?
What land animal is larger than an elephant?
Has tusklessness become a rare abnormality?
Is Finnish a member of the Baltic-Finnic subgroup of the Uralic languages?
Is the most read newspaper in Finland Taloussanomat?
Which Russian army general conquered Finland in 1809?
What is the life expectancy for men in Finland?
In what year were the "Games of the XV Olympiad" held?
What body of water lies to the south of Finland?
Today, are there more cell phone subscriptions than people in Finland?
Is Matti Vanhanen the Prime Minister of Finland?
Is the capital city of Finland Oslo?
Does Finland have a border with Norway?
What is the life expectancy for men in Finland?
What is the biggest city in Finland?
Who is the most popular rock group in Finland?
Where is Finland located?
What is Finnish weather like in summer?
Are there cathedrals scattered all across Finland?
According to Reader's Digest, is Finland best for living?
When did the first verifiable written documents appear?
When did the first verifiable written documents appear?
What is the capital city of Finland?
What is the most extensively celebrated holiday in Finland?
Does a large proportion of the Finnish population speak Swedish as its mother tongue?
Do women live longer than men in Finland?
Is Finnish an official language of the European Union?
Are the dialects of Finnish divided into two groups?
Is Finnish threatened by English?
When did Proto-Uralic language arrive in Finland?
What are characteristic features of Finnish?
Where is the Kven language spoken?
Who wrote the first novel in Finnish?
What book defined the official Finnish language?
Is the flute a musical instrument?
Is it possible to open flutes at one or both ends?
Are Indian concert flutes available in standard pitches?
What do we refer musicians who play flute?
When was a three-holed flute made from a mammoth tusk discovered?
When did the tin whistle first appear?
What are the oldest known musical instruments?
When was the pan flute spread to other parts of Europe?
What does the air stream across this hole create?
When does a flute produce sound?
How can a flute's volume be increased?
Do open-ended flutes have brighter timbres?
Where was the oldest flute ever discovered found?
What are the two main varieties of Indian flutes?
Has the flute been dated to prehistoric times?
Was the pan flute used in Greece?
Can a flute be played with several different air sources?
When was the pan flute used in Greece?
How many main varieties of Indian flutes are currently used?
What material is a chi flute fashioned from?
How does a flute player change the pitch of the sound?
Are foxes wary of humans?
Are fennec foxes endangered?
Does the diet of foxes include reptiles?
How long do most foxes live?
In what country did fox hunting originate?
What is the smallest species of fox?
What are female foxes called?
What is caching food?
Do foxes damage fruit on farms?
How many years ago did African people spread across 31 francophone African countries can speak French either as a first or second language?
In Old French, was the plural  for animal animals?
Is catalan the only  official  language  of Andorra?
In Belgium, however, is quatre-vingts universally used?
Is french taught in many schools as a primary language along with Arabic?
What is widely used by the Lebanese, especially for administrative purposes?
Is french descendant of the Latin language?
Is it true that france signed the European Charter for Regional Languages?
Was Gerald Ford a member of the House of Representatives?
For how long was Ford a member of the House of Representatives?
Was Gerald Ford a member of Delta Kappa Epsilon?
Did ford attend the University of Michigan?
What did Ford say about his biological father?
Is Ford related with the assassination of John F. Kennedy?
Was Gerald Ford the 38th President of the United States?
Did Gerald Ford serve as the Republican Minority Leader of the House of Representatives?
Was Ford an Eagle Scout?
What district was Ford elected from?
How many Eagle Scouts were involved in Ford's funeral procession?
Which future Heisman Trophy winner did Ford tackle?
Has another US President been an Eagle Scout?
Did Ford need to do extra work to pay for college?
Have more than five Presidents lived past the age of 90?
What did Ford receive on April 13, 1942?
Was Ford interred at his Presidential Museum in Grand Rapids, Michigan?
Is Ford one of only four former Presidents to live to 90 or more years of age ?
Was Ford the last surviving member of the Warren Commission ?
Is german an inflected  language?
In Switzerland, is  used at all?
Is 9 %  of the Internet  population German?
Is german written using the Latin  alphabet?
Was the Luther Bible by Martin Luther printed?
Are there 622,650 speakers of German In Canada?
Are there also large populations of German ancestry In Mexico?
Is English Ghana's official language?
Did the Dutch build the Elmina Castle?
When did Ghana achieve independence from the United Kingdom?
How many regions is Ghana divided into?
Who is the head of state of Ghana?
What is the dominant religion in Ghana?
What is the weather like at Lake Volta?
Is Ghana in Asia?
Is English the official language?
Is Ghana's head of state John Agyekum Kufuor?
What does the word Ghana mean?
Who was Kwame Nkrumah?
Where is old Ghana in relation to present Ghana?
Is it true that the portuguese came to ghana in the 15th century?
What did Ghana capture in 1642?
Is The Parliament of Ghana unicameral?
Is The Republic of Ghana is named after the medieval Ghana Empire of West Africa?
Is all teaching done in English , Ghana 's official language ?
Are more than 100 languages and dialects spoken in Ghana ?
Is the republic of ghana a country in west africa?
Has the dragon historically served as China's national emblem?
Do pandas hibernate?
Do giant pandas attack humans?
What family is the panda a part of?
How long does it take for the panda cubs skin to turn gray?
How many different names did Chinese writings give to the panda?
What are the two subspecies of giant pandas?
What is panda diplomacy?
Is the Giant Panda a mammal?
Is the Giant Panda a terrestrial animal?
Is the Giant Panda an endangered species?
Where do Giant Pandas live?
When was the Giant Panda's genome sequenced?
How many subspecies of the Giant Panda are there?
Is the Giant Panda a carnivore?
Why is the Giant Panda an endangered species?
Do both sexes of giraffe have horns?
Do giraffes give birth standing up?
Are giraffes hunted for their hides?
What areas can giraffes inhabit?
What will a giraffe use to clean off any bugs that appear on its face?
How do giraffes defend themselves?
Do male giraffes weigh more than female giraffes?
Are male females generally taller than female giraffes?
Does the Gray Wolf share an ancestry with the domestic dog?
Do wolf pups tend to have darker fur than adults?
Do wolves leave their pack?
Where do wolves have scent glands?
How much do wolves weigh?
Why do wolves howl?
What is surplus killing?
Is the Gray Wolf a mammal?
Are a wolf's teeth its main weapons?
Are wolves built for stamina?
Where is the largest gray wolf population thought to be found?
To what genus does the gray wolf belong?
When do wolves molt?
Why is it beneficial for alpha males and females to forcefully prevent other wolves from mating?
What type of tools do biologists use to capture wolves for tagging?
Forward, erect ears and slightly bristle hackles are a sign of what in wolves?
Was Grover Cleveland born in New York?
Did Grover Cleveland win the 1884 election?
Did Grover Cleveland support women's suffrage?
Where was Grover Cleveland married?
What did Cleveland die from?
How many years after Cleveland left office did the U.S. win the Spanish-American War?
What did Cleveland's opponents say in 1884 to counter his innocent image?
Who did Cleveland run against in 1884?
Was Grover Cleveland the twenty-seventh president of the United States?
Is Grover Cleveland honest?
Was Grover Cleveland married in the whitehouse?
When was he elected sheriff of Erire County, New York?
When did he die?
Which election did Grover Cleveland win?
Who were Grover Cleveland's parents?
Who lost control of his party to the agrarians and silverites in 1896?
Is it true that he sent in federal troops to chicago?
Was Cleveland born in Caldwell, New Jersey to the Reverend Richard Cleveland and Anne Neal?
Was Grover Cleveland elected Sheriff of Erie County, New York?
Was Cleveland 's portrait on the U.S. $ 1000 bill from 1928 to 1946 ?
Is he buried in the Princeton Cemetery of the Nassau Presbyterian Church ?
Did the Department of the Interior not charge that the rights of way for this land must be returned to the public because the railroads failed to extend their lines according to agreements ?
Did the team , sedating Cleveland with nitrous oxide -LRB- laughing gas -RRB- , not remove his upper left jaw and portions of his hard palate ?
Is an acoustic guitar dependent on an external device?
Is the battente smaller than a classical guitar?
Is the flamenco guitar similar to the classical guitar?
Where is the headstock located?
Whom are guitars made and repaired by?
What are modern guitar strings constructed of?
Why are Harp Guitars difficult to classify?
What is the bridge used for?
Which guitars use three single-coil pickups?
Is a guitar an instrument?
Can guitars be divided into two broad categories?
Do picks come in many shapes and sizes?
How many strings does a guitar typically have?
What is located at the end of the guitar neck furthest from the body?
What are most electric guitar bodies made of?
Why do some people believe that left-handed people should learn to play guitars as right-handed people do?
How old is the oldest known representation of a guitar-like intrument being played?
What is the point called that is bolted or glued to the body of the guitar?
He became chief engineer in the Department of Bridges and Highways in what year?
What led Becquerel to investigate the spontaneous emission of nuclear radiation?
Is it true that he married louise dsire lorieux in 1890?
Is it true that he shared the nobel prize in physics?
When did he marry louise dsire lorieux?
Who won the 1903 Nobel Prize in Physics for discovering radioactivity ?
Is there a becquerel crater on the moon and a becquerel crater on mars?
Was Henri Becquerel one of the discoverers of radioactivity?
Is the SI unit for radioactivity named after Becquerel?
Was Henri Becquerel a French physicist?
Where was Henri Becquerel born?
Was Henri Becquerel first in his family to occupy the physics chair at the Museum National d'Histoire Naturelle?
Was Henri Becquerel the sole winner of the 1903 Nobel Prize in Physics?
Did Henri Becquerel intentionally discover radioactivity?
Did Henri Becquerel live to be 80 years old?
What was Henri Becquerel`s profession?
When was Henri Becquerel born?
Did Henri Becquerel share the Nobel Prize in Physics?
Is it true that Becquerel wrapped a fluorescent substance in photographic plates?
Becquerel wrapped a fluorescent substance in what?
Is there a Becquerel crater on the Moon for radioactivity?
Where is Henri Becquerel from?
What does Henri Becquerel do?
Are the Javanese the largest and politically dominant ethnic group in Indonesia?
Is Indonesia a monarchy with a presidential system?
Did the Japanese invasion and subsequent occupation during WWII end Dutch rule?
In what year did East Timor secede from Indonesia?
When did Islam become the dominant religion in Java and Sumatra?
Does Indonesia have the world's hightest level of biodiversity?
Was Indonesia named after it became an independent country?
Why did Indonesia break off relations with the People's Republic of China?
Which spice originally attracted Europeans to Indonesia?
What is Jakarta?
What shares land borders with Papua New Guinea, East Timor and Malaysia?
What are the largest and politically dominant ethnic group?
What happens when the srivijaya kingdom formed trade links?
Is it true that indonesia has vast areas of wilderness?
Is Indonesia a republic?
Are Sports in Indonesia generally male-orientated?
Is Indonesia the world's largest archipelagic state?
Are sports in Indonesia generally male-orientated and spectator sports are often associated with illegal gambling ?
Is Pencak Silat an Indonesian martial art ?
Has Indonesia the world 's largest Muslim population ?
Is Indonesia the world 's largest archipelagic state?
Is it the world 's fourth most populous country and the most populous muslim-majority nation?
Is indonesia a republic?
Was Newton a English physicist?
When was Newton's date of birth recorded?
How many laws of motion did Netwon have?
Who did Newton see as the master creator?
When did Netwon investigate the refraction of light
What principles did Newton explain for mechanics?
Interaction with what man stirred up Newton's interest in alchemy?
Was Isaac Newton British?
Where was Isaac Newton born?
Who shares credit with Isaac Newton for developing calculus?
When did Isaac Newton discover the generalized binomial theorem?
Did the Occult influence Newton's theory of gravitation?
Which fruit inspired Isaac Newton's theory of gravitation?
Was Sir Isaac Newton an English physicist and mathematician?
Did he build the first practical reflecting telescope?
Was Isaac Newton educated at The King's Schol, Grantham?
Where was Isaac Newton born?
When was the Principia published?
Where is there a Newton statue on display?
Where was Isaac Newton buried?
What food gave Isaac Newton clues to his theory of gravity?
Is the Wisma building the tallest building in Indonesia?
is there a chinese community in jakarta?
Is Jakarta the 12th largest city in the world?
What is the capital of Indonesia?
What is the capital of Indonesia?
What is the official name of Jakarta?
How is the climate in the city?
Where does the name of the city Jakarta come from?
How is the city's governor chosen?
Why does Jakarta suffer frequent flooding?
Is the the biggest university in Jakarta the University of Indonesia
Is Jakarta a city
Is the most important river in Jarkarta the Ciliwung River
Where is Jakarta located
Who created Monas Park
Did the economy improve in Jakarta in 2007
Did Jayawikarta's soldiers attack the Dutch fortress?
Was the Jakarta area part of the fourth century Indianized kingdom of Tarumanagara?
Is Jakarta the country's economic, cultural and political center?
Is James Monrow the fifth president of US?
When did Monroe's presidency expired?
What is Monroe's father's name?
What is Monroe's daughter's name?
What does "Era of Good Feelings" refers to?
Did Monroe' wedding happen at the Trinity Church in New York?
What is Monroe Doctrine?
Was James Monroe President of the United States?
Did James Monroe attend the College of William and Mary?
Did James Monroe fight in the Continental Army?
Where was James Monroe born?
Where was James Monroe shot?
Who did James Monroe marry?
What did James Monroe do before being elected governor?
In which years were John Monroe elected as President?
Who was John Monroe standing behind in the painting of  Washington Crossing the Delaware?
When was James Monroe appointed to Secretary of War?
When did James Monroe die?
When did James Monroe graduate from William and Mary?
When was James Monroe elected president?
Which property did James Monroe sell in 1817?
When did James Monroe introduce the Monroe Doctrine?
Who did James Monroe live with in New York City?
What was the result of the rejection of the Jay Treaty?
Who is depicted holding the flag in the famous painting of Washington Crossing the Delaware?
What dwindled and eventually died out, starting with the Hartford Convention?
Was Monroe anticlerical?
Was Monroe appointed Minister to France from 1794 to 1796?
Had Monroe racked up many debts during his years of public life ?
Had Monroe racked up many debts during his years of public life ?
Is watt commemorated by statuary in George Square, Glasgow and Princes Street, Edinburgh?
Was watt a gentleman, greatly respected by other prominent men of the Industrial Revolution?
Was watt a fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and the Royal Society of London?
Was Watt ranked 22nd in Michael H. Hart 's list of the most influential figures in history ?
James Watt's improvements of what were fundamental to the changes wrought by the Industrial Revolution?
James Watt was born where?
What was the name of James Watt's mother?
For how many years of James Watt's life was his mother alive?
What is James Watt most famous for?
Is James Watt French?
Did James Watt improve an engine?
Is there a statue of Watt in the White House?
What was James Watt's father's job?
When did Watt retire?
Where is the James Watt Memorial College?
Why is the watt named after Watt?
Where did Watt attend university?
Did John Adams represent the Continental Congress in Europe?
Was Adams raised Congregationalist?
Was Adams an opponent of the Stamp Act?
When did Adams graduate from college?
Who was on the committee with Adams to draft  a Declaration of Independence?
What did Jefferson call John Adams?
What was Adams' political party?
What was Adams' political party?
Was Adams the first to introduce a bicameral legislature?
Did John Adams get along with Alexander Hamilton?
Did John Adams go to Harvard? 
Did John Adams support the Stamp Act of 1765?
Is Adams' birthplace part of a national park?
When did John Adams serve as Vice President?
With what party did Adams run for presidency?
Where is Adams buried?
Who were the midnight judges?
In what ways was Adams opposed by Anderw Hamilton?
What information did he record in his diary?
Who was defeated for re-election in the`` Revolution of 1800'' by Thomas Jefferson?
Who represented the Continental Congress in Europe?
Is it true that adams had spent some time as the ambassador?
Who did Massachuetts send in 1774?
Are John Adams last words often quoted as " Thomas Jefferson survives " . ?
What happened in 1764?
Is a kangaroo a reptile?
Is a kangaroo on the Australian coat of arms?
Was James Cook the first to record the name "Kangooroo?"
What is a collective noun for kangaroos?
Where do joeys complete postnatal development?
What do kangaroos use for "crawl-walking?"
Why do kangaroos have a wide bite?
Are wild kangaroos shot for meat?
Have kangaroos fared well since European Settlement?
Do kangaroos have many natural predators?
What is the average life expectancy of a kangaroo?
When did the first official report of kangaroo blindness take place?
What are vehicles that frequent isolated roads often fitted with?
Do kangaroos eat plants?
What are some extinct predators of the kangaroo?
Is a Kangaroo a Marsupial?
Is the kangaroo an herbivour?
Are Kangaroos Shy?
What method of locomotion do Kangaroos Use?
What is the average life expectancy of a kangaroo?
What is a collective noun for a kangaroo?
What is a roo?
What is used to protect a vehicale from a Kangaroo?
What method is used by Kangaroos to travel?
What are four species that are commonly referred to as kangaroos?
Are kangaroos and wallabies adept swimmers?
Are kangaroos farmed to any extent?
Who also discovered that less than three percent of kangaroos exposed to the virus developed blindness ?
Different species of kangaroos eat what?
Have Kangaroos dazzled by headlights or startled by engine noise been known to leap in front of cars ?
Is a collision with a vehicle capable of killing a kangaroo ?
Was the game of Marn grook played using a ball made from kangaroo by the Kurnai people ?
Have kangaroos large , powerful hind legs , large feet adapted for leaping , a long muscular tail for balance , and a small head ?
Do Koalas have a slow metabolism?
Did eucalypt forests grow in the place of rainforests?
Does the koala fill the same ecological role as the sloth of South America?
Is the koala found in coastal regions of eastern and southern Australia, from near Adelaide to the southern part of Cape York Peninsula?
Do populations also extend for considerable distances inland in regions with enough moisture to support suitable woodlands?
Were the koalas of South Australia largely exterminated during the early part of the 20th century, but the state has since been repopulated with Victorian stock?
Is Korean the official language of Korea?
Is the word "Korean" derived from Goryeo?
Are all dialects of Korean similar to each other?
About how many Koreans speakers are there?
Older English sources used the name "Korean" to refer to what?
What is the official language of North Korea?
Where do the majority of loanwords other than Sino-Korean come from?
How many Korean speakers are there?
How many parts of speech does the Korean language contain?
How many verb paradigms are there in Korean?
What is the Sino-Korean system of numbers based on?
What is another term for Korean adjectives?
Is modern Korean written in columns or rows?
What percentage of the Korean language does Jeong Jae-do estimate to be Sino-Korean?
Do Chinese and Japanese have spaces between words?
From which languages is Korean descended?
Are there seven verb paradigms or speech levels in Korean?
Is Modern Korean written with spaces between words?
Are the Korean names for the language based on the names for Korea used in North as well as South Korea?
Is it not also one of the two official languages of the Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture in China?
Is the dialect spoken in Jeju located in fact classified as a different language by all Korean linguists?
Is it also one of the two official languages in the Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture in China?
What's the population of Kuala lumpur?
What language do they speak in Kuala Lumpur?
What does the name "Kuala Lumpur" mean?
What airports does Kuala Lumpur have?
How long was Kuala Lumpur occupied by the Japanese?
How many seasons does Kuala Lumpur experience?
When were the colonial buildings in Kuala Lumpur constructed?
when did kuala lumpur become a federal territory of malaysia?
Wasn't Leonardo da Vinci born on April 15?
Who left Verroccio's studio?
When did Baldassare Castiglione, author of Il Cortegiano ( " The Courtier " ), write?
When did Leonardo da Vinci flee to Venice?
Has Leonardo often been described as the archetype of the Renaissance man, a man whose unquenchable curiosity was equaled only by his powers of invention?
Is da Vinci widely considered to be one of the greatest painters of all time and perhaps the most diversely talented person ever to have lived?
Is the leopard smaller than the other members of Panthera?
Is a leopard larger and less lanky than a cheetah?
Are large pythons potential prey for leopards?
What may a leopard be mistaken for?
What is a hybrid animal resulting from a union between a leopard and a puma?
Where do leopards often hide their kills?
How did early naturalists distinguish between leopards and panthers?
What are dark leopards known as colloquially?
What shape are a leopard's black roS08_settes in East Africa?
Is the leopard an Old World mammal?
Is the leopard of the Felidae family?
Is the leopard one of the four 'big cats'?
Where is the leopard distributed?
How long is a leopard's tail?
How much does a leopard weigh?
Does a male leopard weigh more than a female leopard?
What is the difference between leopards and cheetahs?
What sort of cats are solitary?
Are leopards circular?
Is the leopard solitary?
Has the New Zealand Rugby League featured the Otahuhu Leopards and then the Tamaki Leopards ?
Were the Leopard men a West African secret society who practised cannibalism ?
Was the leopard tank a German designed tank which entered service in 1965 ?
Is the leopard an agile and graceful predator?
Is Liechtenstein bordered by Switzerland?
Is Liechtenstein the smallest German-speaking country in the world?
Was Liechtenstein part of the ancient Roman province of Raetia?
When was the first factory in Liechenstein opened?
How many municipalities is Liechtenstein divided into?
What is the national currency of Liechtenstein?
Has Leichtenstein worked to promote the county's image by prosecuting international money-laundering?
What company administers Leichtenstein's railways?
What percentage of Liechtenstein's population is foreign-born?
Is there an airport in Liechtenstein?
Is Liechtenstein heavily urbanized?
Is Liechtenstein doubly landlocked?
Does Liechtenstein have an army?
When was Liechtenstein's current constitution adopted?
What is the official language of Liechtenstein?
What countries border Liechtenstein?
What Roman province was Liechtenstein part of?
How many municipalities are within Oberland?
What is the smallest German-speaking country in the world?
What country enjoys one of the world's highest standards of living?
Does the state in Lichenstein court rule on the conformity of laws?
Is Liechtenstein heavily urbanized?
The Historical Society of the Principality of Liechtenstein plays what?
Is the museum collection also the national art collection of Liechtenstein ?
Is there a small heliport at Balzers in Liechtenstein available for charter helicopter flights ?
Are nationals referred to by the plural : Liechtensteiners ?
Is Lima the capital of Peru?
Is the Museum of Gold in Lima?
Does Lima have volleyball venues?
When was Lima founded?
Where is the Park of the Reserve located?
What is a colectivo?
Is the National University of San Marcos in Lima?
Has the San Lorenzo Megaport Project been completed?
How many years ago was the Lima Stock Exchange the most profitable in the world?
Is lima the capital  and  largest  city  of Peru?
The Spanish Crown named Pizarro governor of what?
Is it true that the ideas of the Enlightenment shaped the development of the city?
The ideas of the Enlightenment shaped the development of what?
Are lobsters invertebrates?
Are lobsters kosher?
Do lobsters have blue blood?
How many legs do lobsters have?
Where are lobsters found?
What is the mean level of mercury in American lobsters?
Do lobsters feel pain?
Did the Moche people worship lobsters?
What is the caridoid escape reaction?
Is London the capital of the United Kingdom?
Does London's population draw from a wide range of religions?
Did Caunte take control of the English throne in 101?
Over how many languages are spoken in London?
What had the Anglo-Saxons created by the 600s?
What city in the UK has been subjected to bouts of terrorism?
What countries did James VI of Scotland unite?
Are the strings of a classical lyre made of gut?
Does a classical lyre have a sound-chest?
Is lyre played in mordern Greece?
Which part of the strings does the left hand touch in a lyre?
In which place is lyre still played?
Does a classical lyre have a fingerboard?
Is a guitar played with a plectrum like a lyre?
Is Malay the official language of Iraq?
Could Malay have originated from Sumatra island?
Is Malay an agglutinative language?
What family is Malay a member of?
What is the basic word order in Malay?
Are there many words in Malay that use natural gender?
Is Malay in the Austronesian family of languages?
Is Malay an agglutinative language?
Is there one negation word in Malay?
How many parts of speech are there in Malay?
What is the basic word order in Malay?
What is the national language in Malaysia?
Do linguists consider Malay to be a single language?
Can speakers of modern Malay understand Old Malay?
What language besides Malay is in the Austronesia language family?
Wasn't Malay language found in Sumatra?
Wasn't Malay language written using Pallava?
Is Malay spoken as local dialect of ethnic Malays?
Is Malay the one of the most widely spoken languages in the world?
Is Melbourne the capital and most populous city in the state of Victoria?
Is Melbourne home to Australia's busiest seaport?
Does Melbourne have a large international student community?
What is a resident of Melbourne known as?
When was Melbourne officially declared as a city?
How many sister cities does the City of Melbourne have?
Where is Melbourne situated?
How many domestic tourists visit Melbourne?
Was Michael Faraday an English chemist?
Was Faraday a devout Christian?
Was Faraday considered a gentleman?
What did Joseph Henry likely discover?
What did the University of Oxford grant Faraday?
Who was made to travel outside the coach?
Did Faraday construct the ancestor of modern power generators?
Did Faraday lecture on education in 1854?
Did Faraday receive an extensive formal education?
Did Faraday discover the chemical substance benzene?
Was Faraday born in England?
What do some historians of science refer to Faraday as?
Who was the sponsor and mentor of Faraday?
What did Faraday invent that is used almost universally in science laboratories?
Does the production of chemical weapons raise an ethical issue?
What was the Faraday effect first called?
Can you meet someone through attending a church?
What was Michael Faraday`s birthplace?
What was Michael Faraday`s profession?
Was education another area  of service  for Faraday?
Was faraday `s  earliest  chemical  work as an assistant  to Davy?
Who died at his house at Hampton Court on August 25, 1867?
When was Michael Faraday born?
Where did he serve two terms?
Who was born in Newington Butts, near present-day South London, England?
Is it true that institution formed the foundation of electric motor technology?
Institution formed the foundation of what?
Give an example of the most renowned works of the Renaissance. 
Was Michelangelo's output in every field during his long life prodigious?
Did Millard Filmore die at 11:10 p.m. on March 8, 1874, of the after-effects of a stroke?
What is The Remarkable Millard Fillmore?
Did Fillmore form a law partnership before or after he founded the private University of Buffalo?
Did Fillmore run for President a second time?
Was Millard Fillmore the thirteenth President of the United States?
Was Millard Fillmore born on January 7, 1800?
Did Millard Fillmore die on March 8, 1974?
Where was Millard Fillmore born?
To whom was Millard Fillmore born to?
Who did Millard Fillmore fall in love with?
What did Taylor and Fillmore disagree upon?
How did Fillmore ascend to the presidency?
How did Fillmore ascend to the presidency?
Who was first apprenticed to a fuller to learn the cloth-making trade?
He founded the private university of buffalo on what date?
Who or what fell in love with abigail powers?
Was Fillmore one of the founders of the University of Buffalo?
Was Another primary objective of Fillmore to preserve the Union from the intensifying slavery debate?
Was Fillmore the second Chancellor, a position he maintained while both Vice President and President?
Is Fillmore the first of two presidents to have been an indentured servant ?
Is the comic strip Mallard Fillmore named after the president ?
Was Fillmore the first U.S. President born after the death of a former president ?
Is English the language most often spoken in Montreal?
Is Montreal's economy the third largest of all cities in Canada?
Is the most popular sport in Montreal ice hockey?
How many international airports does Montreal have?
What is the name of the largest church in Montreal?
Where was much of Montreal's industry during the late 19th and early-to-mid 20th century?
Does Montreal contain the largest church in Canada?
What is the largest primarily French-speaking city in the western world?
Is Nairobi the capital of Kenya?
Was Nairobi founded in 1899?
Is the current estimated population of Nairobi about 6 milion?
What is the current estimated population of Nairobi?
In what year was Nairobi founded?
Which embassy in Nairobi was bombed in August 1998?
How many civilians died in the 1998 U.S. embassy bombing?
About how many people are estimated to live in Nairobi?
Does the name ``Nairobi'' come from the Maasai phrase Enkare Nyirobi, which translates to ``the place of cool waters''?
Is Nassau Sound a body of water in Maine?
Who was Fort Nassau built by?
What is Nassau Coliseum?
Is Nassau Range the highest mountain range in the world?
Is Nassau County named after a German town?
Does the United States have a base near Glasgow?
Who was born precisely at midnight during an electrical storm , to a Serbian family in the village of Smiljan near Gospic , in the Lika region of the Croatian Krajina in Military Frontier ( part of the Austrian Empire ) , in the present-day Croatia . ?
Are there at least two films describing Tesla 's life ?
Have a number of live theatrical plays based on Tesla 's life been produced and staged worldwide ?
Did Tesla study electrical engineering?
Was Tesla born in the United States?
Was Tesla hired by Edison?
What is the SI unit measuring magnetic flux density or magnetic induction?
Was Tesla regarded as a mad scientist?
What type of current did Tesla invent?
Who was the victor of the "War of Currents"?
Where did Tesla study electrical engineering?
Did Nikola Tesla die alone?
Was Nikola Tesla close friends with Mark Twain?
Did Nikola Tesla use a technique called picture thinking?
When did Nikola Tesla appear on the cover of Time Magazine?
Who became adversaries with Nikola Tesla?
Where did Nikola Tesla move to in 1880?
Was Nikola Tesla's mother illiterate?
How many siblings did Nikola Tesla have?
Was Nikola Tesla a vegetarian?
Is there a monument to Tesla at Niagara Falls, New York?
Was Tesla an American citizen?
Was Tesla on the cover of Time magazine?
Where did Tesla study electrical engineering?
When did Tesla receive his last patent?
What languages did Tesla speak?
Did Tesla win the Nobel Prize?
Was Tesla rich at the time of his death?
What music group was named after Tesla?
Is the octopus a cephalopod?
Does the octopus have two eyes?
Does the octopus have a hard beak?
Where is the mouth of an octopus?
Around how many recognized octopus species are there?
How many arms does an octopus have?
What is the range of lifespans of the octopus?
What is an example of something an octopus learned in a research experiment?
What is an example of something an octopus learned in a research experiment?
How can an octopus defend against predators?
Are Octopus highly intelligent?
Do males use a specialized arm called a hectocotylus to insert spermatophores?
Do the octopuses in the less familiar Cirrina suborder have two fins and an internal shell?
Do octopuses have two eyes and four pairs of arms?
Is octopus a common food in Mediterranean cuisine as well as Portuguese cuisine?
Is the collective form octopus usually reserved for animals consumed for food?
Has an octopus a hard beak, with its mouth at the center point of the arms?
Is Ottawa the capital of Canada?
Does Ottawa sit on the Ottowa River?
Do small tremors occur in Ottawa?
What are Ottawa's primary industries?
What is Ottawa's junior ice hockey team?
What is Ottawa's major league hockey team?
What are Carleton University's athletic teams called?
Is Ottawa colder than Moscow in January?
Is Ottawa on a river?
Does it snow in Ottawa?
Was there a cholera outbreak in 1832?
How many townships are in Ottawa?
What's the main highway in Ottawa?
What was Ottawa's name in 1850?
Where were immigrants from in the 1800s?
Are there also discussions of having OC Transpo Light Rail and STO Transitway networks linking on the Gatineau side of the Ottawa River ?
Do sea otters have long muscular tails?
Can otters survive in cold water?
Does the giant otter inhabit South Africa?
How many species of otter are there?
What do river otters eat?
How much do sea otters weigh?
How do sea otters insulate themselves?
Why are sea otters nearly extinct?
What is one of the challenges of re-establishing a population of Eurasian otters in the UK?
Is otter a kind of mammal?
How many species and genera does otter have?
Do otters live in water?
What do river otters eat?
Where do sea otters live?
Where does the word "otter" derive from?
Does otter give birth or lay egg?
What drives sea otter almost to extinction?
Why otters are considered as totem animals?
Do sea otters live along the Pacific coast?
Are otters totem animals?
Are otters herbivores?
What is the primary item in an otter's diet?
What is an otter's den called?
Why is the giant otter becoming increasingly rare?
How do otters keep themselves warm without blubber?
How are otters playful animals?
What animals are related to otters?
What traps a layer of air, and keeps them dry and warm under water?
The collective noun romp is sometimes used for a group of what?
Is it true that otters eat a variety of fish?
Are otters playful animals?
Are otters very active?
Are male otters dog-otters?
An otter 's den is what?
Sea otters eat what?
Are Male otters dog-otters , females are bitches and babies are cubs or pups ?
Is an otter 's den called a holt ?
Have most otters fish as the primary item in their diet , supplemented by frogs , crayfish and crabs ?
Does the giant otter live in South America?
Do otters have claws?
Do otters eat fish?
What is an otter's den called?
Why are otters vulnerable to prey depletion?
Do otters enjoy playing?
Do sea otters have a layer of fat like whales?
Is the otter in the same family as the badger?
Who was not long in finding another lover, Jacqueline Roque?
When did Picasso make his first trip to Paris?
Is in the 1996 movie Surviving Picasso Picasso played by actor Anthony Hopkins?
Is the U.S. copyright representative for the Picasso Administration the Artists Rights Society?
Do penguins feed on krill?
What is the largest living species of penguin?
Do penguins live almost exclusively in the Southern Hemisphere?
What is "tobogganing"?
Why are penguins countershaded?
Are penguins afraid of humans?
How much time to penguins spend on land?
How many species of penguins are there?
How are Isabelline penguins different from most penguins?
Are penguins birds?
Do penguins have a better than average sense of hearing for birds?
Are penguins considered "higher waterbirds"?
What order do penguins belong to?
What is the largest living species of penguin?
How tall were the tallest prehistoric penguins?
What makes penguins so agile in the water?
Why do penguins "tobaggan"?
Who spend half of their life on land and half in the oceans?
What is also the distance that Antarctic tourists are told to keep from penguins?
What have become flippers, useless for flight in the air?
What happens when mothers lose a chick?
Is it true that each penguin gets a turn in the center?
Are all penguins countershaded?
Are penguins astonishingly agile?
Are penguins at risk?
Does the name penguin comes from the Latin pinguis , fat ?
Have penguins an average sense of hearing for birds ?
Can larger penguins dive deep in case of need ?
Is the smallest penguin species the Little Blue Penguin -LRB- also known as the Fairy Penguin -RRB- , which stands around 40 cm tall -LRB- 16 in -RRB- and weighs 1 kg -LRB- 2.2 lb -RRB- ?
Are pianos used in Western music?
Are "upright pianos" called "vertical pianos"?
Did Bartolomeo Cristofori invent the modern piano?
What is the middle pedal called on grand pianos?
How many black keys do modern pianos have?
What is the sustain pedal called?
Where is Irving Berlin's piano located?
What kind of piano did Irving Berlin play?
Is the left-most pedal on a grand piano called the una corda?
Is it advantageous for a grand piano's metal plate to be quite massive?
Is the mechanism in an upright piano perpendicular to its keys?
About how tall is a typical studio piano?
What are a piano's keys generally made of?
How many total keys does a typical modern piano have?
Why are upright pianos more compact?
Do older pianos have more keys than modern pianos?
Do older pianos have more keys than modern pianos?
What are the names of a piano's pedals?
What happened in the January 15, 1882?
What happened in 1887?
Is one of the best known Impressionist works Renoirs 1876 Dance at Le Moulin de la Galette?
Was Pierre-Auguste Renoir born in Limoges Haute-Vienne France the child of a working class family?
Have two of Renoirs paintings sold for more than US0 million?
Did Pierre-Auguste Renoir die in Limoges, Haute-Vienne, France, the child of a working class family?
Is polar bear a mammal?
Is polar bear a carnivore?
What is largest polar bear on record?
How long is polar bear's guard hair?
What is cause of polar bear's skin diseases?
Why polar bear is a special species?
What do fossil and DNA evidence tell us?
Does a polar bear live in the Arctic?
Is a polar bear white in color?
Is a polar bear at high risk of extinction?
Is a polar bear at high risk of extinction?
How heavy is a male polar bear?
How heavy was the largest polar bear on record?
What does a polar bear's fur provide?
Do female polar bears weight more than the male?
How much weight do female polar bears gain during pregnancy?
Can polar bears be seen under infrared photography?
What in a polar bear is actually black in color?
What insulate the polar bear against the cold?
Are polar bears excellent swimmers?
A semi-aquatic marine mammal , the polar bear has what?
Is the Polar Bear the mascot of Bowdoin college ?
Are polor bear cubs born in December without awakening the mother ?
Is Portuguese an official language of Andorra?
Does the Portuguese language have its roots in the Latin language?
Does Portuguese contain words from the Arabic language?
Where are there small Portuguese-speaking communities?
What are the two main groups of Portuguese dialects?
What event marked the end of the Old Portuguese period?
Which government established Portuguese as it's third official language in order to meet the requirements to apply for full membership in the CPLP?
By 2050, what will the total population of Portuguese speakers in the world be?
In which country is Portuguese the co-official language with Cantonese Chinese?
In which country is Portuguese the co-official language with Cantonese Chinese?
Wasn't Portuguese language spread by arriving Roman soldiers?
Is Portuguese an official language of several international organizations?
Is it derived from the Latin spoken by the romanized pre-Roman peoples of the Iberian Peninsula (namely the Gallaeci, the Lusitanians, the Celtici and the Conii) around 2000 years ago?
Was it used as the exclusive lingua franca on the island of Sri Lanka for almost 350 years?
Does Qatar rank as the eighth richest country in the world per capita?
Do nearly all Qataris profess Islam?
Can women legally drive in Qatar?
When did Qatar become an independent state?
Where is Qatar's telecommunication system centered?
Where did a suicide-bombing kill a teacher in 2005?
What is the Arabic word for municipalities?
What universities are in Education City in Qatar?
What carried with it a tacit recognition of Qatar's status as distinct from Bahrain?
Qatar became an independent sovereign state in what year?
What consists of a low, barren plain, covered with sand?
How do qatar and the wider region relate?
Was Qatar University founded in 1973?
Is Qatar bordered by Saudi Arabia to the south?
What bordered by Saudi?
Who served as the headquarters and one of the main launching sites of the US invasion of Iraq in 2003 ?
Has Qatar a modern Telecommunication system centered in Doha ?
Was Qatar University founded in 1973 ?
Will oil and gas probably remain the backbone of Qatar 's economy for some time to come ?
Does Romania border Hungary?
Is Romania a secular state?
Is the president elected by popular vote in romania?
How many counties is Romania divided into?
What is the highest mountain in Romania?
What is the official language of Romania?
Is the Romanian economy doing well?
Are there many Roma in Romania?
How many territories joined to form Romania?
Does Romania share a border with Ukraine?
Did Romania declare neutrality during World War I?
Does Romania share the same language with Moldova?
Who was the first gymnast to score a perfect "ten"?
What is the largest city in Romania?
What is the largest ethnic minority in Romania?
How many countries in Europe are bigger than Romania?  
Why doesn't Romania have a state religion?  
Why wasn't Romania neutral during World War II?
Sibiu, a large city in Transylvania, was chosen as European Capital of Culture in what year?
What are approximately 42,000 years old and have been nicknamed`` John of Anina''?
Is it true that romania has a population of 21,698,181?
What did Tourism in Romania attract in 2005?
Is Romania a secular state?
Is Romania a semi-presidential unitary state?
Was Gellu Naum the leader of the surrealist movement in Romania ?
Is romania a country in southeastern europe?
Is romania a semi-presidential unitary state?
Is the city named after the apostle Saint Peter?
Has the terrain in the city been artificially raised?
What were some other names of the city?
What festival features fireworks  celebrating the end of the school year?
Where do most people in urban Saint Petersburg live?
What was made in Russia's largest foundry?
How to travel to work from the city to Moscow?
Who laid down the Peter and Paul Fortress?
When was the 7th symphony premiered?
Has Equestrianism been a long tradition, popular among the Tsars and aristocracy?
Give an example of the largest stadiums anywhere in the world, and the home to FC Zenit St. Petersburg in 1950-1993 and 1995. 
Give an example of the best known symphony orchestras in the world under the leadership of conductors Yevgeny Mravinsky and Yuri Temirkanov. 
Give an example of the longest, most destructive, and most lethal sieges of major cities in modern history. 
Is the standard of living in San Franciscio high?
Does San Francisco have a high percentage of gay and lesbian individuals?
Is San Franscico a popular tourist destination?
How large is the population of San Francisco?
How many state parks are in San Francisco?
Where is San Francisco?
What is the cause of local earthquakes?
How does poverty in San Francisco compare to the nation-wide average?
Was Mission Bay campus opened in 2003
Is Golden Gate Park the largest city park
What is Northern California's most widely circulated newspaper
What makes San Francisco among the top-ten North American destinations for conventions and conferences
Who manages Candlestick point
Are there any cities named Santiago in the United States?
Was Santiago the name of an indie/punk band?
Is Santiago a name in Spanish?
Who has released an album or song named Santiago?
What is the Order of Santiago?
What notable people have been named Santiago?
Do singaporeans enjoy squid?
Did Singapore's standard of living decrease since independence?
Did the media contribute 15.6% to Singapore's GDP in 2001?
How many people use the bus network daily?
Where did Orang Laut people live?
What is the MRT?
How is Singapore's climate characterized?
How many days did it take the Imperial Japanese Army to win the Battle of Singapore?
Is Singapore a city-state?
Has Sang Nila Utama visited Singapore?
What does "singa" mean?
When is the first record of Settlement in Singapore?
Which nation invaded Singapore during World War II?
Why Churchill called the occupation of Singapor by Janpan during WWII "Britain's greatest defeat"?
Was Lee Kuan Yew a successful leader of Singapore?
When did Goh Chok Tong succeed Lee as Prime Minister?
What is the primary domestic source of water supply?
What is the national language of Singapore?
What is the most densely populated independent country in the world?
Who did Sir Thomas Stamford Raffles work for?
When was Lee Kuan Yew prime minister of Singapore?
What is the punishment for first-degree murder in Singapore?
What established a trading post on the island in 1819?
What used Singapore as a strategic trading post along the spice route?
What became one of the most important commercial and military centres of the British Empire?
Is it true that singapore has several long - standing disputes with malaysia?
Has Singapore Changi Airport a network of 81 airlines connecting Singapore to 185 cities in 58 countries ?
Has Singapore a network of reservoirs and water catchment areas ?
Has Urbanization eliminated many areas of former primary rainforest , with the only remaining area of primary rainforest being Bukit Timah Nature Reserve ?
Is singapore the 17th wealthiest country in the world in terms of gdp per capita?
Is Swahili a Bantu language?
Did Uganda make Swahili a required subject in primary schools?
What is the Swahili word for the Swahili language?
Is Swahili spoken in Mozambique?
How does Swahili time run?
How many noun classes does Swahili have?
In what year did Germany seize Tanganyika?
Which is the sub-Saharan indigenous language with the greatest number of speakers?
Does the Australian Black Swan have white feathers on its wings?
Do swans belong to the family Anatidae?
Can black swans swim with only one leg?
What are young swans known as?
What is the Irish legend of the Children of Lir about?
What is the Sanskrit word for swan?
Which album was the song "The Bonny Swans" from?
Which ballet by Pyotr Tchaikovsky is partially based on an Ancient German legend about a princess who was turned into a swan?
Are swan birds of the family Anatidae?
Do swans feature strongly in mythology?
Is the Trumpeter Swan the largest bird?
What is the name of young swans?
Where is the word "swan" derived from?
What is the best known story about a swan?
Are swans and ducks birds of the same family?
What is the name of an adult female?
What is the color of the Australian Black Swan?
Is Swedish a descendant of Old Norse?
Does Swedish use the perfect participle to form the present perfect tense?
How many Swedish speakers were reported in Canada in 2001?
How many letters are in the basic Latin alphabet?
When did a standard and common language become available to all Swedes?
When did the Soviet military forces occupy Estonia?
What are the differences between English and Swedish pronouns?
How does Swedish language counterbalance the absence of cases?
Is Taipei in a valley?
Was Taipei founded in the 18th century?
Is the National Palace Museum in Taipei?
What is along the city's western border?
What is Taipei 101?
What are some annual festivals in Taipei?
When is the Pacific typhoon season?
When is the Pacific typhoon season?
What does Taipei produce?
Was Thedore Roosevelt  a member of the Republican Party?
Does Theodore Roosevelt have a brother?
Did Theodore Roosevelt go to Harvard?
Where was Theodore Roosevelt born?
What did Roosevelt do to improve his physical condition?
Why did Roosevelt start Boxing lessons?
What was the nickname of Theodore Roosevelt's sister Anna?
What was Roosevelt's justification for supporting desegregation of schools in New York?
How did newspapers respond to Roosevelt inviting Brooker T. Washington to dinner at the White House?
Did Theodore Roosevelt study Judo?
Did Roosevelt study biology?
Where was Theodore Roosevelt from?
Who was Roosevelt's presidential hero?
When did Roosevelt die?
Who helped to fund Roosevelt's African safari?
Did Roosevelt support racial integration in schools?
Was Roosevelt's family rich?
Is the Tiger a member of the Felidar family?
Are tigers solitary animals?
Are panthers a type of tiger?
What do tigers' powerfully built legs and shoulders allow tigers to do?
What would a tiger do when seized by a crocodile?
What are the typical features of a tiger country?
Would it be common for tigers to mate in January?
About how many square kilometers would be needed to house 3 female tigers?
Would a tiger be likely to feedon smaller animals, such as mice?
Did the predecessors to trumpets have valves?
Are trumpets constructed of brass?
Is the bass trumpet the smallest trumpet?
What musical styles is the trumpet used in?
What is the most common type of trumpet?
How does a trumpet produce sound?
How do trumpets compensate for wolf tones?
Did Miles Davis play the trumpet?
Does a trumpet have a mellower tone than a cornet?
Are turtles ectothermic?
Does the mother turtle care for the young?
Are turtles pets?
What shape are the eggs of the larest species of turtle?
How often do turtles breed?
What do all turtles and tortoises breathe?
How do turtles reproduce?
What has been discovered about turtles organs?
What suborder of turtle draws its head into its shell?
Do sea turtles lay eggs on dry sandy beaches?
Are Pleurodira known as side-necked turtles?
How many suborders are turtles divided into?
Name a turtle popularly kept as a pet.
Name four related articles for the article on turtles.
If a turtle egg was kept warm, what would likely hatch?
What do turles use to breathe in the water?
Why are side-necked turtles called side-necked turtles?
Do turtles lay eggs underwater?
Are turtle eggs leathery and soft?
Are turtles being examined for longevity genes?
What suborder of turtles is extinct?
What do turtle eggs preared to eat consist mainly of?
Where do sea turtles lay their eggs?
What is the smallest suborder of turtles?
What are turtle eggs covered in when they incubate?
What type of creatures breathe air and don't lay eggs underwater?
What do turtles deposit in holes dug into mud or sand?
What sort of turtles are ectothermic?
Are turtles ectothermic?
Are the largest turtles aquatic?
Is aquatic respiration in Australian freshwater turtles being studied?
The eggs of the largest species of turtle are what?
Has this inspired genetic researchers to begin examining the turtle genome for longevity genes ?
Can turtles take many years to reach breeding age ?
Are Immature sea turtles not cared for by the adults ?
Are the Pleurodira sometimes known as the side-necked turtles , a reference to the way they withdraw their heads into their shells ?
Do scutes fall away from the turtle's shell?
Do Terrestrial tortoises have short feet?
How many groups are turtles broken down into?
Where are the only surviving giant tortoises?
How do turtles chew food?
Are tortoises land based?
Where are turtle eggs layed?
Are Testudines the crown group of the superorder Chelonia?
Do turtles breathe air?
Are harvesting wild turtles legal anywhere?
Where is harvesting wild turtles legal?
Is there a way to approximate the age of a turtle?
Can turtles spend all their time underwater?
Was Ulysses Grant a general in the American Civil War?
Was Grant's father-in-law a Democrat?
Did Ulysses win the Battle of Champion Hill?
Who was Grant's brother in law?
Where was Grant born?
What was Grant's political affiliation?
Did Horace Greenley lose in the presidential elections of 1872?
Why did Grant think that war was unjust?
Who achieved international fame as the leading Union general in the American Civil War?
Grant was elected president as a Republican in what year?
Who took a hard line that reduced violence by groups like the Ku Klux Klan?
Who did President Lincoln promote of major general in the regular army, effective July 4?
Was Grant elected president as a Republican?
Was Grant 's favorite brand of bourbon whiskey Old Crow ?
Is Uruguay located in the northwesten part of Africa?
Is Uruguay's capital Montevideo?
Does Uruguay have cold summers?
Who founded Montevideo?
Where is Uruguay's oldest church?
Who heavily influenced the architecture and culture of Montevideo?
What are poor neighborhoods called informally?
Is uruguay's landscape mountainous?
Is Uruguay located in South America?
Can citizens propose changes to the Constitution?
Did Uruguay host the first ever World Cup?
Who founded Montevideo?
How many square kilometres of continental land is Uruguay?
How much of the population is of white European descent?
Why was the capital of Uruguay founded?
How many times has Uruguay won the World Cup?
How much is the average income of an African woman compared to a European man?
Does Uruguay recognize same-sex civil unions?
Does Uruguay border French Guiana?
Is Uruguay's warmest month June?
Where is Uruguay's oldest church?
What religions are found in Uruguay?
What are the names of Uruguay's political parties?
Is Uruguay the smallest soverign nation in South America?
What was founded by the Spanish in the early 18th century as a military stronghold?
What did Uruguay win in 1828?
Is The climate in Uruguay temperate?
Is the main sport in Uruguay football ?
Is Uruguay 's oldest church in San Carlos , Maldonado ?
Is Uruguay a member of the Cairns Group of exporters of agricultural products ?
Is Uruguay widely considered the most secular nation in Latin America ?
Who frequented the circle of the British-Australian artist John Peter Russell?
Was Kee seven years older than Van Gogh as well as had an eight-year-old son?
Are violinists and fiddlers the same thing?
Are violins a single size?
Are violas and cellos in the same family of instruments as violins?
Where does the word "violin" come from?
What is someone who makes violins called?
How many strings does a violin usually have?
What are violins made of?
Whate is the usual pitch range of a violin?
Does a violin have four strings?
Is the violin supported by the left shoulder?
Is the violin shaped like an hourglass?
What were strings first made out of?
What is a violin called informally?
What does vitula mean?
What is a person that makes or repairs violins called?
What does the "voice" of a violin depend upon?
Is the violin a percussion instrument?
Who features violinist Boyd Tinsley?
When did Charles IX order Amati to construct 24 violins for him?
Is the tuning G-D-A-E used for most violin music?
Is it the smallest and highest-pitched member of the violin family of string instruments, which also includes the viola and cello?
Is a violin sometimes informally called a fiddle, regardless of the type of music played on it?
Does the word ``violin'' come from the Middle Latin word vitula, meaning ``stringed instrument''?
Was Woodrow Wilson the thirtieth President of the United States?
Did Woodrow Wilson create the League of Nations?
Did the U.S. join the League of Nations?
Where was the League of Nations created?
When was Woodrow Wilson born?
Who was President when Wilson finished Congressional Government?
What was more damaging than moving students into colleges?
Was Wilson a member of the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity?
Was Wilson an automobile enthusiast?
Did Wilson's father own slaves?
Where is Wilson buried?
Where did Wilson attend law school?
Where was Woodrow Wilson born?
Did Wilson support desegregation?
Did Wilson support the committee system?
Did Wilson have any siblings?
Who did Wilson win in 1917?
Was Wilson awarded the 1919 Nobel Peace Prize?
Was Wilson a remarkably effective writer and thinker?
What lived in Columbia?
Was Wilson president of the American Political Science Association in 1910 ?
Did Wilson not spend 1914 through the beginning of 1917 trying to keep America out of the war in Europe ?
Was Wilson , a staunch opponent of antisemitism , sympathetic to the plight of Jews , especially in Poland and in France ?
Are xylophone bars made of rosewood?
Is the xylophone a precursor to the vibraphone?
Were ancient mallets made of copper?
Where did the xylophone originate?
How are western-style xylophones characterised?
Can a xylophone be 3 octaves?
Can a short bar follow a long bar?
Did vibraphones exist in 1930?
Is the xylophone a musical instrument?
Was the xylophone associated with the folk music of the United States by the 19th century?
Was it likely that the xylophone reached Europe during the Crusades?
The xylophone is an instrument from what family?
How do the Java and Bali use xylophones?
Some versions of xylophones have resonators made of what?
Which came first, the xylophone or the vibraphone?
Did the golden age of xylophones come before or after the first usage of the European-derived orchestral?
Do the different species of zebras interbreed?
Do zebras sleep standing up?
Have plains zebras been crossed with mountain zebras?
How many species of zebra are there?
What do zebras eat?
What are zebras hunted for?
What areas do the Grevy's Zebras inhabit?
Which species of zebra is known as the common zebra?
At what age can a zebra breed?
What is the name of the biggest part of the human brain?
The colored part of the human eye that controls how much light passes through the pupil is called the?
What is the name of the substance that gives skin and hair its pigment?
The muscles found in the front of your thighs are known as what?
True or false? The two chambers at the bottom of your heart are called ventricles.
What substance are nails made of?
What is the human bodys biggest organ?
The innermost part of bones contains what?
True or false? An adult human body has over 500 bones.
How many lungs does the human body have?
Another name for your voice box is the?
The two holes in your nose are called?
Your tongue is home to special structures that allow you to experience tastes such as sour, sweet, bitter and salty, what is their name?
The bones that make up your spine are called what?
The shape of DNA is known as?
The flow of blood through your heart and around your body is called?
The bones around your chest that protect organs such as the heart are called what?
What is the name of the long pipe that shifts food from the back of your throat down to your stomach?
True or false? Your ears are important when it comes to staying balanced.
The outside layer of skin on the human body is called the?
How many planets are there in the Solar System?
What planet is closest to the sun?
What is the second planet from the sun?
What is the third planet from the sun?
What is the fourth planet from the sun?
What is the fifth planet from the sun?
What is the seventh planet from the sun?
What is the sixth planet from the sun?
What is the eighth planet from the sun?
What is the farthest planet from the sun?
Which planet is not a gas giant?
Which planet is not a terrestrial planet?
What is the most volcanically active body in the solar system?
Which planet has the largest ring system?
How much meteoritic material do scientists estimate falls on the Earth each day?
Which is the densest planet?
What is the largest terrestrial planet?
What is the only known moon of Pluto?
What is the Earth's radius?
What is the rotational period of Earth?
Where is the main asteroid belt in the Solar System?
What asteroid was the focus of the NEAR spacecraft?
Where do most comets arrive from?
How long could a long-period comet take to orbit around the Sun?
What is the comet belt outside of Pluto's orbit called?
Which is shorter, Mercury's day or year?
Which planet has the hottest temperatures?
How long is Mercury's day?
Which moon is a moon of Mars?
Which planet is Olympus Mons, the highest volcano in the Solar System, on?
There are so many schools in the U.S. How do I decide which schools to apply to?
Whats the difference between a college and a university?
Are there age limitations to attend U.S. universities?
What is the academic calendar for universities in the United States?
What is the difference between "Undergraduate" and "Graduate" degrees?
What are the different types of undergraduate degrees?
What are the different types of graduate degrees?
Is it possible to take a professional degree program without first earning a bachelor's degree?
Is it possible to obtain a bachelor's degree and a master's degree at the same time?
What is the length of study for MBA programs in the U.S.?
Can you work while studying in the United States?
What is the difference between online studies and distance studies?
What is distance education?
Is distance learning available at the graduate level?
Can I transfer to a U.S. university from a university outside of the United States?
What is the transfer application process?
What is a community college?
Why should I attend community college?
How do you transfer from a community college to a four-year university?
How can I find out if an institution is accredited?
How can I find out if a specialized program of study is accredited?
How can I find out which universities are rated best for a specific academic major?
What are English language proficiency requirements?
I want to study in the United States, but my English proficiency isnt good enough yet. What can I do?
Do students have to study a fixed set of subjects or can they individually form their major?
When do you declare a major?
What is a liberal arts college?
What are the benefits of a liberal arts education?
What is the credit system in U.S. universities?
What is a GPA?
What is the U.S. grading system?
How are grades determined in U.S. universities?
What is the difference between state and private universities?
Are there opportunities for university exchange programs?
How can an international student find out what academic subjects from their country are acceptable for a U.S. university?
How can I apply for vocational training in the United States?
Whats the best general advice for an incoming student?
Can you evaluate my credentials and resume before I apply for the grad program?
From whom can I request letters of recommendation?
If I get accepted into a graduate program, can I defer the admission?
Is an interview needed for admission into graduate education program?
Do I qualify for financial aid at the graduate level even if Im studying part-time?
How do departments determine to whom to give assistantships?
What is the process for applying for financial aid?
Are courses offered for flexible schedules?
Are graduate degrees in education full-time or can they be taken part-time?
Can I start my grad program in the Spring or Summer semesters, or does it have to be in the Fall?
Which takes students more effort  regular courses (on-campus) or online courses?
Does my undergraduate degree have to match the subjects I want to teach?
Do substitute teachers require a teachers license?
What food makes up nearly all (around 99%) of a Giant Pandas diet?
True or false? Mice live for up to 10 years.
What is the name of the phobia that involves an abnormal fear of spiders?
What is the largest type of big cat in the world?
True or false? Crocodiles have no sweat glands so they use their mouths to release heat.
Are butterflies insects?
What are female elephants called?
True or false? Bats are mammals.
Bees are found on every continent of earth except for one, which is it?
True or false? Cats spend an average of 13 to 14 hours a day sleeping.
What is the fastest land animal in the world?
A doe is what kind of animal?
True or false? Cougars are herbivores.
Groups of lions are known as what?
Is a dolphin a mammal?
What is the largest land animal in the world?
True of false? Snakes have slimy skin.
What is the only continent on earth where Giraffes live in the wild?
How many pairs of wings does a bee have?
What type of animal is the largest primate in the world?
Is a shark a fish or a mammal?
What is the most recognizable feature of a hedgehogs appearance?
True or false? Owls are far-sighted, meaning that anything within a few inches of their eyes cant be seen properly.
What is the name of an adult female horse?
What are baby goats called?
What is the tallest animal in the world?
True or false? Rabbits are born blind.
What is the most recognizable physical feature of the male lion?
How many legs does a spider have?
The crocodile species is believed to have been around for how long? 2 million years or 200 million years
A thermometer is a device used to measure what?
Stratus, cirrus, cumulus and nimbus are types of what?
What country experiences the most tornadoes?
True or false? A rainbow is a spectrum of light that appears when the Sun shines onto water droplets in the air.
Blizzards feature low temperatures, strong winds and heavy _______?
Breeze and gale are common terms used to describe the speed of what?
Earths recent temperature rises which have been linked to human activity is known as global _______?
True or false? The highest recorded temperature on Earth of 57.8 C (136 F) was recorded in Tirat Tsvi, Israel.
What is the name of a scientist who studies weather?
What is the driest desert on Earth, the Sahara, the Kalahari or the Atacama?
True or false? The lowest recorded temperature on Earth of 89.2 C (-128.6 F) was recorded at Vostok Station, Antarctica
Balls or irregular lumps of ice that fall from clouds (often during thunderstorms) are known as what?
An avalanche features the rapid descent of _______?
True of false? The most rain fall ever recorded in one year (Cherrapunji, India) is more than 30 meters.
What is the name of a weather instrument used to measure atmospheric pressure?
An anemometer is used to measure what?
At what temperature is Centigrade equal to Fahrenheit?
Trying to predict the weather is known as weather _______?
The area of central USA that features many tornadoes is known as Tornado _______?
True or false? You see lightning and hear thunder.
What is Artificial Intelligence?
What is an artificial intelligence Neural Networks?
What are the various areas where AI (Artificial Intelligence) can be used?
Which is not commonly used programming language for AI?
What is Prolog in AI?
Give an explanation on the difference between strong AI and weak AI?
Mention the difference between statistical AI and Classical AI ?
What is alternate, artificial, compound and natural key?
What does a production rule consist of?
Which search method takes less memory?
Which is the best way to go for Game playing problem?
A* algorithm is based on which search method?
What does a hybrid Bayesian network contain?
What is agent in artificial intelligence?
What does Partial order or planning involve?
What are the two different kinds of steps that we can take in constructing a plan?
Which property is considered as not a desirable property of a logical rule-based system?
What is Neural Network in Artificial Intelligence?
When an algorithm is considered completed?
What is a heuristic function?
What is the function of the third component of the planning system?
What is Generality in AI ?
What is a top-down parser?
Mention the difference between breadth first search and best first search in artificial intelligence?
What are frames and scripts in Artificial Intelligence?
What is FOPL stands for and explain its role in Artificial Intelligence?
What does the language of FOPL consists of?
For online search in Artificial Intelligence which search agent operates by interleaving computation and action?
Which search algorithm will use a limited amount of memory in online search?
In Artificial Intelligence where you can use the Bayes rule?
For building a Bayes model how many terms are required?
While creating Bayesian Network what is the consequence between a node and its predecessors?
To answer any query how the Bayesian network can be used?
What combines inductive methods with the power of first order representations?
In Inductive Logic Programming what needed to be satisfied?
In top-down inductive learning methods how many literals are available? What are they?
Which algorithm inverts a complete resolution strategy?
In speech recognition what kind of signal is used?
In speech recognition which model gives the probability of each word following each word?
Which algorithm is used for solving temporal probabilistic reasoning?
What is Hidden Markov Model (HMMs) is used?
In Hidden Markov Model, how does the state of the process is described?
In HMMs, what are the possible values of the variable?
In HMM, where does the additional variable is added?
In Artificial Intelligence, what do semantic analyses used for?
What is meant by compositional semantics?
How logical inference can be solved in Propositional Logic?
Which process makes different logical expression looks identical?
Which algorithm in Unification and Lifting takes two sentences and returns a unifier?
Which is the most straight forward approach for planning algorithm?
My computer does not turn on, what do I do now? 
What do I do when my computer crashes? 
What do I do if my hard disk fails to work? 
There is no display on the monitor, what do I do now? 
What do I do if the image on screen is distorted or skewed? 
I get a 'no signal input' message, what do I do? 
There are black borders on my screen, what do I do? 
Why is my mouse acting erratically? 
The wheel on my mouse isn't working properly, what do I do? 
How can I clean my keyboard? 
How do I get into safe mode? 
I can't delete a file because it is being used by Windows? 
How can I update my Microsoft Windows computer? 
Is it safe to turn off a Windows computer without doing a shut down? 
How can I recover a file from the recycle bin? 
I am unable to send or receive email? 
I can't receive any email attachments? 
Are spaces allowed in email addresses? 
My printer is printing smudged/distorted pages? 
How do I fix a paper jam? 
I lost my printer installation disk, how can I install my printer? 
I can't connect to my network drive anymore? 
How do I map a network drive? 
How do I determine my computer's name? 
What is a computer virus? 
Does Windows come with a virus protection program? 
Can a virus damage computer hardware? 
If I format or erase my hard drive will it remove a virus? 
How do I delete Internet cookies? 
What are the penalties for installing software without being legally licensed? 
May I install software on my computer that is not supported by UNCG? 
How can I make a suggestion for an application for ITS to buy for campus? 
Why can't I see a program that I know is on the network? 
Can I buy software at a discount from ITS? 
I need to reinstall the software; how do I get more downloads? 
Where do I find the code to activate my software? 
Read&Write is prompting me for an activation code. What do I do? 
What is the difference between 32-bit and 64-bit versions of Windows? 
Which version of Windows should I install? 
How can I tell which version my computer is running? 
What Is An Object Server? 
What Is Mail Gateway? 
What Is Rip (routing Information Protocol)? 
What Is Nvt (network Virtual Terminal)? 
What Is Source Route? 
What Is Bgp (border Gateway Protocol)? 
What Is Gateway-to-gateway Protocol? 
What Is A Transaction Server? 
What Is A Database Server? 
What Are The Most Typical Functional Units Of The Client/server Applications? 
What Are All The Extended Services Provided By The Os? 
What Are Triggers And Rules? 
What Is Meant By Transparency? 
What Are Tp-lite And Tp-heavy Monitors? 
What Are The Two Types Of Oltp? 
What Is A Web Server? 
What Are Super Servers? 
What Is A Tp Monitor? 
Tp Monitor Does Mainly Two Things Extremely Well. They Are Process Management And Transaction Management.? 
What Is Meant By Asymmetrical Protocols? 
What Is The Difference Between Trigger And Rule? 
What Are Called Transactions? 
What Are The Building Blocks Of Client/server? 
Explain The Building Blocks Of Client/server? 
The Middleware Buliding Block Runs On Both The Client And Server Sides Of An Application. It  Broken Into Three Categories? 
What Are All The Base Services Provided By The Os? 
What Is Structured Query?Langauge?(sql)? 
What Is Remote Procedure Call (rpc)? 
What Are The Main Components Of Transaction-based Systems? 
What Are The Three Types Of Sql Database Server Architecture? 
What are Non-gui Clients? 
What are Gui Clients? 
What are Ooui Clients? 
What Is Message Oriented Middleware (mom)? 
What Is Meant By Middleware? 
What Are The Functions Of The Typical Server Program? 
What Is Meant By Symmentric Multiprocessing (smp)? 
What Are General Middleware? 
What Are Service-specific Middleware? 
What Is Meant By Asymmetric Multiprocessing (amp)? 
What Is Oltp?
How to sign in to gmail?
How to add or remove inbox categories & tabs in gmail?
How to change your gmail settings?
How to change email notifications?
How to send and open confidential emails?
How to use smart compose?
Forgotten my Password
How do I get help and support?               
My account was hacked, how do I get it back?
My password no longer works, how do I get a new one?
Why am I receiving e-mail to an address similar to my own?
Why am I receiving e-mail addressed to an address different than mine?
My account may have been accessed by someone else, how to I secure it?
How do I change my Gmail account password?
How do I make a password no-one can hack?
How do I sign into a different Gmail account?
How do I recover deleted messages?
Google says I have violated the Terms of Service (ToS). What do I do?
I can't set up a Send Mail As address in Gmail for my non-Google email account.
How do I make sure that all contacts on my phone get synced to my Google account and can be recovered if I lose them from the phone?
Why can't I get or send my Gmail messages with my Outlook/Thunderbird/Apple Mail/Windows Mail clients? I get an error message.
Can I use Google products without a Google Account?
Can I use Google products without a Google profile?
Is my Google profile visible to everyone on the web?
Will my Gmail address or other contact information be visible on the web?
What does it mean that Google may use my information to personalize content and ads on non-Google websites?
Why do I see my profile picture and name sometimes when I sign in?
What is the Google sign-in process like?
Is my Google Account username the same as my Gmail username? 
How will Google use my email address?
Why do I get a Gmail address with my Google Account?
Can I sign in to my Google Account with my current, non-Gmail email address?
How can I stop automatically signing in to my account?
How can I change my Search History settings?
How can I remove information about myself from Google's search results?
Are my search queries sent to websites when I click on Google Search results?
How do I Update Google Chrome?
How can I Remove unwanted ads, pop-ups & malware?
How can I delete my browsing data?
What is the Internet of Everything? 
Why is the Internet of Everything important? 
How does the Internet of Everything relate to the Internet of Things? 
Why is the Internet of Everything happening now? 
What risks and challenges should be considered in the Internet of Everything? 
What role does the network play in the Internet of Everything? 
How does the Internet of Everything relate to our new brand campaign? 
What is the current state of security in IoT products on the consumer scale, such as household appliances, wearables, smart-home systems, etc.? 
Why are there such poor security practices in IoT products? 
How do we best address the technical challenges impacting security for the IoT? 
How can an organization implement a trusted IoT security framework? 
How is the private key generated? 
If the private key is generated "on-device", then how many lines of code need to be written by the developer (approximately)? 
If the private key is generated "off-device", then how many lines code need to be written by the developer (approximately)? 
How is the private key stored and protected? 
Is storing the private key in hardware an option? 
Does the private key ever have to be off-device? 
What languages are supported? 
How is the device seeded with a unique identifier? 
How does an IoT provider initially seed the device? 
How does an IoT provider re-seed a device? 
How does an IoT provider revoke a certificate? 
How does an IoT provider manage which systems are trusted? 
How does an IoT provider update the list of trusted systems securely? 
What are the options for lengths of certificate expiration? 
Can certificates be automatically provisioned and enrolled? 
Approximately how many lines of code need to be written by the developer to ensure software package integrity? 
Approximately how many lines of code need to be written by the developer for device-to-application secured communication? 
Will IoT actually work over the internet or will it have its own dedicated wide area network 
What effect will the internet of things (IoT) have on our daily lives? 
What type of algorithms are needed for IoT?  
Will there be a different IP address allocation strategy for IoT devices?  
How much data is used by IOT solutions?  
How much power will IOT devices consume?  
How well is security developed in IoT? Especially the low power devices? Are there any security architectures and algorithms developed? And what are the difficulties in implementing security in IoT?  
With the vast array of data generated by IoT technologies, how will this be impacted by the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR)?  
What uses and benefits can IoT have for the financial services industry? 
Can IoT control the home?  
Which part of IoT will create the most jobs? Is it the developing part or hardware maintenance?  
How much does standardization play a role in IoT, and how can we take into consideration the needs of developing nations like India?  
Is BlockChain centralized or decentralized? 
What is a Merkle Tree? 
What is Elliptic curve cryptography Digital signature algorithm? 
Why ECC is better than RSA? 
What is a ledger? 
What is the difference between Blockchain and distributed ledger? 
What is Quorum Slice? 
What is a segment tree? 
What is Diffie Hellman key exchange? 
How are boxes linked in a BlockChain? 
Write a python program to perform word tokenization? 
Write a function to calculate multiplicative inverse of two numbers? 
Which of these facts about a ledger is NOT CORRECT? 
Which benefits of a BlockChain enabled business network engender TRUST? 
What is bitcoin? 
What is the core requirement(s) for a business BlockChain? 
The primary benefit of immutability is  
A smart contract is  
In a business BlockChain, transactions  
What is the appropriate use of business BlockChain? 
What makes a good Block Chain use case? 
What factors can help ensure a successful FIRST BlockChain use case project? 
What do you understand by "burning of tokens" 
Can you explain me the difference between "contract address" and "owner address"? 
What are the best practices while writing the smart contracts? 
What is ERC20 token? 
How my ethereum wallet works? 
How write a whole document in ethereum BlockChain? 
Can I transfer ether from a wallet to smart contract directly without invoking a payable function? 
Name some Test Networks for ethereum? 
Which IDE should we use for the development of the smart contracts? 
Define BlockChain in the simplest words? 
Can you name some consensus algorithms? 
What are hash functions in BlockChain? 
What are some properties of hash functions? 
Why there is a transaction fee included in the transactions of bitcoin and where does it go? 
How will you define the mining? 
Can you name some details that are sent to the block of bitcoin? 
How do the public key and private key generation work? 
Can you write a smart contract for "Hello Word" in solidity?





